Mastermind Charlie Mascarenhas (Abhishek Bachchan) and his accomplice Riya (Bipasha Basu) are one of the greatest pair of thieves in India. A friend of Charlie, Raj (Aftab Shivdasani) is killed by the Russian mafia. At Raj's funeral, his wife hands Charlie a CD containing information about the transfer of gold by train from Russia to Romania. Charlie decides to rob the train with the help of imprisoned Don and con-artist Victor Braganza (Vinod Khanna). They hire a team of criminals to join them in the robbery. The group includes Spider (Neil Nitin Mukesh), who is a world-class hacker, an explosives expert Bilal Bashir (Sikander Kher), a prosthetic makeup artist Sunny (Omi Vaidya), and an illusionist Ronnie (Bobby Deol).
Charlie is also having an affair with Victor's daughter, Naina (Sonam Kapoor), who knows nothing about her father and Charlie's criminal activities. The group devise a plan to rob the Russian train in the sliest way possible. Spider hacks into a Russian satellite system and Ronnie uses his illusion to trick the soldiers guarding the gold while the rest of the team transfer the gold from the train. The robbery is executed successfully, however while celebrating Spider double crosses the gang and tries to flee with all of the gold. Spider is stopped by Ronnie, who is then shot multiple times by Spider's assassins. The group are chased by the assassins and Ronnie and Riya are killed. Charlie, Bilal and Sunny manage to escape after Spider blows up the location and flees with the gold. Charlie calls Victor to tell him about the betrayal, but Naina overhears the conversation. At the same time Spider's assassins break into the house and murder Victor. Naina decides to cut all contact with Charlie. Over the course of a year, Charlie contacts various gold dealers to find which one has the stolen gold that Spider escaped with.
In New Zealand, the gang locate a dealer who is in contact with Spider. Charlie explains to Naina that the gang only wanted to steal the gold so they could help achieve Victor's dream of building a big orphanage. Naina understands and teams up with Charlie to exact revenge on Spider. In New Zealand they discover that Riya is still alive and living there. She explains that she also wanted revenge on Spider and provides the gang with the information about Spider's residence. Unaware of her plans, Spider flirts with Naina and takes her to his villa. Spider finds a hidden camera in Naina's hair and realises that she is working with Charlie, who runs in to rescue her and tells Spider that he will steal all of the gold within 48 hours. Spider tries to move the gold to another country, but the gang, using three large trucks and by hacking into the traffic system, take the gold and hide it inside three Mini Coopers. Just as they are about to leave New Zealand, they are caught by Spider and discover that Riya was working with Spider all along.
Spider tries to force the gang to hand over the gold, but the trunks of the Mini Coopers are empty. Spider betrays Riya and threatens to kill her. Before Charlie can reveal the real location of the gold, Riya shoots herself and Spider stabs Charlie. Spider tries to escape, but Sunny and Bilal stop him and beat him up badly. Naina, who wants revenge for the death of Victor, shoots Spider thrice. It is then revealed that the real Mini Coopers containing the gold are elsewhere. As the four leave the scene, Spider makes a final call to the Russian mafia and tells them that Charlie has stolen Russian gold. The gang take the real Mini Coopers and leave for India, but the Mafia stop them to check the cars and once again they are found to be empty. It is then revealed that the Mini Coopers were made out of the actual gold itself. In the end, Bilal opens a car dealership business, Sunny becomes a theatre actor, Charlie and Naina open Victor's dream orphanage and Charlie raises Ronnie's daughter as his own.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with a ghost, roaming with cockroaches on her whole body. Doctor Saxena is a doctor who is from a good hospital, he is brutally murdered by the ghost (Mary), who pulls his heart out of his body. His murder is followed by the murder of a nurse of the same hospital at the same time, 3:00 am. Investigator Vijay (Shiney Ahuja) is assigned the duty of finding the killer. During his investigation, Vijay meets Dr. Suhani (Sayali Bhagat), who was the first one to find the body of the nurse.
Suhani believes that something supernatural is committing the murders, but Vijay doesn't believe her theory. Another doctor of the hospital is murdered the same way, followed by the murder of an office boy by a lady, who was helping doctors in the operation theatre a few minutes before his death. It is then revealed that one more person – a hospital intern, Mary (Julia Bliss) has been missing. Vijay also discovers that he suffered from memory loss, which was an outcome of an accident he had some time ago. However, he remembers that he and Mary were together in an adventure show before he suffered the accident.
Suhani maintains that there is a supernatural spirit who is not being addressed. Though Vijay continues not to believe her, he finally starts seeing visions from his past that help him recover his lost memory. It is then revealed that Mary had been the girl Vijay was in love with. The two had gotten married in a church after Vijay's father gave permission. Just as the two left the church, they were attacked by a group of unknown men. Vijay tried to fight back, but was hit on the head by a rod, leading to his partial memory loss.
Mary was then horribly beaten, brutally assaulted and crucified by those men and left for dead. The people then hung her in a cross, the sign of Christians . After being found by two men, she was taken to the city hospital, where she was eventually declared dead. However, her heart continued to beat, baffling the doctors. Because she was an international citizen, there was a huge outcry by the media and the Australian embassy. Finally, the doctors felt that she was unholy and had her chopped into pieces by a local butcher, bagged her remains and tossed her into the sea.
After remembering everything, Vijay discovers that his father was behind all this. His father was against the marriage and had bribed the attackers, doctors, wardboy and nurse to murder Mary. Angered and heartbroken, Vijay confronts his father. His father tries to escape but is finally killed by Mary, along with all the other attackers who had killed Mary, as well as the butcher. With her revenge finally complete, Mary finds solace in Jesus's arms because of her never-dying faith and belief.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film depicts how six bachelors live together, despite their completely different backdrops and personalities. Their home, which they call "Sadda Adda", is an absolute mess of beer bottles, dirty clothes, and mattresses, yet together, they carry out the tasks of cooking, cleaning and paying the rent, while sharing laughter and tears, and always standing up for each other like a family. "Sadda Adda" starts as a midway room to assist them while they work towards their dreams, but turns out to become their true home.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the island village of Mandwa, the school teacher Dinanath Chauhan (Chetan Pandit), highly respected by the villagers, tries to dissuade them from giving away their lands on lease to Kancha (Sanjay Dutt), the son of the village head who plans to start a drug mafia. Knowing this, Kancha decides to get rid of the school teacher. He ambushes and murders a young girl inside the school, framing Chauhan for the murder. With the support of the villagers, Kancha then kills Chauhan by hanging him to death from a tree which is witnessed by young Vijay Chauhan (Arish Bhiwandiwala), the son of the teacher. Vijay Chauhan along with his pregnant mother Suhasini Chauhan (Zarina Wahab) leave the village. Destitute, they find shelter in the city of Mumbai but Vijay harbours intentions to go back to Mandwa and kill Kancha. While in Mumbai, Vijay's mother delivers a baby girl named Shiksha. Vijay is attracted to Rauf Lala (Rishi Kapoor), a local girl-trafficker and importantly an enemy of Kancha and wants to get into his company. He earns his favour and joins his gang. Meanwhile, his mother along with his baby sister leave Vijay's side as he resorts to violence.
A grown-up Vijay (Hrithik Roshan) now works for Rauf Lala and finds himself as his trusted wing-man. Once inspector and now commissioner, Gaitonde (Om Puri) acts as a silent guardian for Vijay and tries to eliminate crime in Mumbai. During the time when Rauf's influence over the drug business in Mumbai is falling, Kancha decides to grow his influence as a drug lord in the city and sends his aid, Shantaram (Ravi Jhankal) over to Mumbai for the process. Vijay with the help of the commissioner disrupts this plan and is lauded by Lala. He further gains the trust of Lala by taking a bullet shot which was aimed for Lala's son, Mazhar (Rajesh Tandon); but is later revealed as a conspiracy involving Vijay and Shantaram to eliminate Mazhar.
After murdering both Mazhar and Shantaram, Vijay brings Mazhar's corpse to Lala, who falls sick and is admitted into a hospital. In the meantime, Vijay takes over Lala's empire and stops all the crimes committed by Lala's gang. He is then contacted by Kancha and offers to go to Mandwa for a business agreement. While in Mandwa, Vijay tries to strike a deal with Kancha to hand over the drug business in Mumbai over to Kancha and in return taking Mandwa. Though Kancha initially suspects this deal, he later agrees on the condition that Gaitonde must be killed.
Meanwhile, back in Mumbai, Lala regains health and finds out the truth behind Mazhar's death. He gets hold of Shiksha (Kanika Tiwari) and tries to sell her off. Vijay is notified of this by Kancha and he flees back to Mumbai and kills Lala. Soon after, Kancha sends a man to assassinate Gaitonde. This man identifies Vijay to be the son of the teacher killed by Kancha and reports this to Kancha. However, while he tries to assassinate Gaitonde, he is killed by Vijay. Vijay, meanwhile marries his love interest Kaali Gawde (Priyanka Chopra), who is killed right after during a shooting spree by Kancha's men.
Vijay leaves for Mandwa to avenge the death of his father and his wife and after an intense battle with Kancha, kills him by hanging him from the same tree in which his father was hanged. Does Vijay die or not due to his severe injuries,is left to the user for interpretation as the movie ends with him happily closing his eyes in his mother's lap.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Part-time 'Hanuman' at the local 'Ramleela', but full-time cashier at the bank – that's Bharat, an 'Aam Aadmi'. He resides in the heart of Bhopal, with Nisha, a school teacher and his loving and caring, but doubting wife, who is concerned more about her husband's promotion from cashier to manager rather than his flying tricks onstage. Bharat's father, Shivnarayan, an old-timer who values freedom and hopes to see his country corruption-free someday, completes the small and happy family. However, there's also an uninvited houseguest in Bharat's household; Amita, a young, beautiful girl who works at a call center and often likes to hitch a ride with Bharat on his scooter, when he is not busy dropping his wife to her school.
Contrary to his wife's wishes, Bharat's sole ambition in life is to graduate from his role as 'Hanuman' to 'Lord Ram' someday. However, that puts him at loggerheads with Sattu Tripathi, the younger brother of the local MLA and a bad actor playing 'Lord Ram', who is perpetually annoyed at being upstaged by 'Hanuman'. His older brother, MLA Manku also has his share of problems with Bharat, who refuses to let out an extra room to him for his re-election campaign.
Bharat's happy little haven is disturbed rudely one day when the local 'havaldaar' Kushwaah comes knocking at his door, claiming to have caught a thief, Chunnu Farishta, who purportedly stole a fan from his house, a theft that Bharat has no idea about, though the local 'panwala', Bachhu Gulukand, is a sworn witness. Virtually ordered to come to court, Bharat finds himself suddenly dealing with made-up testimonies, lazy judges, and crooked characters of all sorts, trapped in the system that plagues the country today.
Out of nowhere, Bharat finds himself stuck in a hilariously vicious circle of corruption, having to bribe his way from cops to criminals, witnesses to lawyers, and even the judge, all in an effort to get out of the quagmire that is the Indian system. Along the way, this cashier-cum-Hanuman also finds his ideals again, learning to stand up for the rights of the common man and give a slap to the system, and becomes the subject of national news, exposing the thieves that line every lane here...!
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about two men who suffer a heart attack and share the hospital room. Aditya (Ananth Mahadevan) is a newspaper editor who has already survived two strokes in the past and has somewhat adapted to the crisis. Shaukat Ali (Saurabh Shukla), an underworld kingpin who has often witnessed death closely, gets paranoid with his first heart-attack. The story is about their interactions and exchange of ideas in the ICU room that changes Ali's perspective towards life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rahul Kapoor (Imran Khan) has always been on the road to perfection, as per the wishes of his domineering father (Boman Irani) and socialite mother (Ratna Pathak Shah). After suddenly losing his job as an architect in Vegas, he hides the truth from his parents and looks for another job. Unable to cope with unemployment, he goes to a psychologist and runs into another patient, Riana Braganza (Kareena Kapoor). A series of events lead Riana to believe that he is sent by her ex-boyfriend to stalk her, and she ends up taking his file by mistake.
Riana, who later realises her mistake, calls him and apologises for her behaviour. They meet up during Christmas Eve and Riana invites Rahul to have a few drinks with her. A few drinks turn into a night of intoxicated revelry as they end up marrying each other. Horrified, they decide to get it annulled as soon as possible. Meanwhile, Riana, who is also unemployed and has not paid her rent, loses her house and an initially hesitant Rahul lets her stay with him till her problem gets resolved. During these few days, they get to know each other better. Rahul is revealed to be interested in photography while Riana recounts her ambition to be a ballet dancer, which was destroyed after she broke her ankle in childhood. Their friendship develops as Riana gives Rahul a long break he always wanted. As they grow closer, Rahul develops feelings for Riana, who fails to reciprocate them.
As New Year's Eve approaches, Riana plans to visit her family in India and asks Rahul to accompany her. He disagrees initially, as his parents live in Mumbai, but later succumbs to her argument. Upon arrival, she introduces him to her family, making his feelings towards her grow. The next day, Riana takes him to visit her school. Amidst reflecting over her past relationships, he unsuccessfully tries to kiss her. Realising that she does not feel the way he does, he angrily leaves the school, only to almost run into a car revealed to be his mother's. He lies and tells his mother that he is in India for a research trip, and that Riana is a colleague. They have lunch with Rahul's parents, where he spins a web of intricate lies to avoid telling his father the truth. He leaves Riana's house and moves in with his parents, trying to tell them the truth, but once again is overpowered by his father.
Two days later, during a family dinner, Rahul angrily divulges the complete truth to his in-denial parents and their business partners (including Mr. Bulani), after realising the meaninglessness of his pretense he indulged in all these years. As he rushes back to Riana to apologise for his behaviour, Riana apologises she never intended to lead him on. After a night of reflection and deep conversation, they decide to maintain their friendship.
The duo return to Las Vegas and finalise their annulment. Rahul gets a new job, while keeping time out for photography. He remains hopeful that one day he will convince Riana to go back to that chapel with him. Both remain good friends, with an ending note from Rahul claiming that he is finally happy with his life, as the credits roll.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sachin Kulkarni (Prateik Babbar) is a student of mechanical engineering in Mumbai who aspires to become a filmmaker. His friend introduces him to cinematographer Anay (Manu Rishi). With Anay's help, Sachin becomes an assistant to director Ramesh Sippy. Sachin's family, who are Marathi Brahmins, rent Jessie Thekekuttu's (Amy Jackson) house. Jessie is from a conservative Malayali Nasrani Christian family from Alappuzha, Kerala, that lives upstairs. Sachin falls in love with Jessie the moment he meets her. Sachin tries to interact with Jessie, who is afraid of speaking to men around her strict father, and ends up angering Jessie. Unable to hide his feelings for her any longer, Sachin confesses his love for her, to which she does not respond. A few days later, Sachin learns from his sister that Jessie has gone to Kerala to visit her grandmother. He, along with Anay, ends up in Kerala to look for her. After several days, he finds her, apologises and she introduces him to her family in Kerala as her "classmate". Jessie denies she has any feelings for him, but agrees to be his friend. On the train journey back home, however, the two get closer and share a passionate kiss. Sachin is convinced Jessie loves him; the two meet several times and Jessie begins to admit that she also likes Sachin, but wants to refrain from any problems because she knows her father wouldn't give her hand in marriage to a Hindu. Consequently, due to various misunderstandings between Jessie's brother and Sachin, her parents learn of their supposed affair. They fix a match and schedule her wedding. The day arrives and midway through the ceremony, Jessie refuses to marry the groom, displeasing everyone in her family. Sachin, who had, without anyone's knowledge, come to Kerala to witness the wedding is ecstatic and secretly visits Jessie at her home. It is then that Jessie admits she has indeed fallen in love with him. Sachin and Jessie continue to love each other without the knowledge of their parents.
At this point of time, Sachin goes to Goa on a 40-day shoot, where he gets busy. Meanwhile, the topic of Jessie's marriage comes up again at her home when the guy whom she refused to marry earlier pays them a visit. Panicking, Jessie calls Sachin and tells him that she wants to elope with him. Sachin, who he is travelling through less than ideal places, tells Jessie to stay in Mumbai for now, and that soon he would be back and they can discuss. Jessie stops taking Sachin's calls and so he goes back one night to check on Jessie. He comes to know that Jessie has decided to break up, as the relationship is not peaceful due to her parents' disapproval. She says she has agreed to get married to a boy of her parents' choice. When Sachin pleads her not to do it, she tells him that a time had come when she was willing to elope, but the moment was gone. She doesn't want Sachin to wait for her, as he has his dreams to fulfill. Sachin later comes to know that she is married and settled abroad.
Two years later, Sachin meets Samantha (Samantha Ruth Prabhu). She falls in love with him, but is rejected by Sachin who feels that he hasn't yet gotten over Jessie. He then comes up with a script for his first film, which happens to be his very own love story. He calls upon an actor (Ashwin Kakumanu) as the film's protagonist, Samantha as the female lead and Anay as the film's cinematographer, and the film is eventually titled Jessie. While shooting for the film in Taj Mahal, he sees Jessie and she comes to speak with him. She admits that she is not married and is still in love with him, and he too says she is still in his heart. Sachin proposes yet again and they get married the same day. This is actually revealed to be the end scene in Sachin's film – which Sachin and Jessie in real life are watching together in the theatre. After the film ends, Jessie praises Sachin for his efforts and the latter agrees to drop her home, implying that they are reunited.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In November 2010, a group of friends went to a place to shoot their final year project film but never returned. A few days later, their camera was found. What happened with them was captured in the camera. The film is a compilation of the footage found from .
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sid (R. Madhavan), who recently got divorced meets with his friends in Nano's Bar. He is very happy and throws them a bachelor party. But he is sad about the huge alimony payments and more importantly that his ex-wife took the car he loved. A few months later he is a bachelor who works as a divorce managing officer. He meets Sonali (Bipasha Basu), who joins him in his business of splitting couples and they earn well in the process. Together, they are known as the Jodi (Couple) Breakers. Sometimes, they secretly make husband and wife fight with each other, that will result in their divorce.
Once they get an assignment by Mrs Parera who wishes to divorce her husband Marc Parera who is cheating on her. She tells him that he is in Greece with his mistress. Sid and Saloni decide to go to Greece where they secretly take photos of the two. In the process Sonali has grown an affection for Sid which Sid is not wary of. One day Sid tells Sonali that it would be better if they saved their marriage instead of helping in the divorce. Sonali agreed to the plan.
They call Mrs Parera to Greece and it is also revealed that she is also Marc's business partner and is on a business meeting in Greece. Marc decides to do some business while his mistress whose name is Maggie tells him that she will go to a club named Medusa alone. When nobody was in their villa, Sid and Sonali enter the villa, throw a condom in the dustbin and call a masseuse. Sonali dances in the bar under the name Maggie.
When Marc goes to bar Maggie, already bored had left. He heard from the other people that Maggie was amazing and all sorts of things. He goes home finds the condom and the masseuse and angrily walks out. The same night Sid and Sonali also get drunk and have sex. Marc goes to Mrs. Parera's place and sleeps there. It is revealed that Mrs Parera is not Marc's wife, her name is Ira and is Sid's ex-wife who told him what to do in return for no alimony payments anymore and that Maggie is Marc's wife.
Sid returns to India and Sonali finds out about Ira and does not work with Sid anymore. Over the next few days Sid realizes he loved her and also finds out that they caused a happy couple to break up and that Maggie is pregnant with Marc's child. Sid talks to Sonali and tells her that he wants to make amends. They reach Madonna's (Marc's grandmother) house and tell her the whole thing. She then gives them her full support.
She calls up Marc and Maggie and puts up a whole plan which included them remaining with her together for some days, going to the church where they got married, a party and getting Marc's blood test done. Ira also comes to know of this plan and crashes at the party where Sid proposed Sonali (part of the plan). She lied to him about being pregnant. Sid then confesses everything to Marc and he beats him badly. At that time a doctor whom Sid had called tells Marc that he is HIV positive and the blood test of Ira and Maggie needs to be done. Maggie initially resisted and angrily blurted out that Marc never slept with her. Actually she mixed sleeping pills for Marc's drink in Greece and led him to believe that they slept.
Madonna angrily slaps her and tells her to get out. Marc and Maggie reconcile. Sid then tells Sonali that he loved her and they share a kiss.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mini (Genelia Deshmukh) is a young woman who lives off her father Bhatti's (Tinnu Anand) money and wealth. She hates the term "marriage." However, she is still being forced to get married by her father to Sunny, a man from a wealthy family who just wants access to Mini's green card. Viren (Riteish Deshmukh) is a hard-working simpleton who dreams of having his own travel agency with a fleet of cars for which he is painstakingly saving money. He works as a rickshaw driver for Bhatti and keeps his savings under the seat of his rickshaw. Bhatti sells off all his rickshaws one day — with Viren's savings of Rs. 60,000 in one of them — and buys a new fleet of cars. Viren gets drunk to drown his sorrows over his lost money. In a drunken stupor Viren ends up at Bhatti's doorstep demanding his money back, while Mini's engagement to Sunny is in progress. An argument ensues and Viren lays his hands on a pistol. Viren tells Bhatti that he is going to count to three or he is going to shoot him. Viren counts to three but misses because he was drunk.
In the commotion, Mini seizes the opportunity of cancelling her marriage and forces Viren to kidnap her, making him drive them off in one of her father's new taxis. The spunky Mini makes a deal with Viren that he will follow her instructions and will demand a ransom of Rs 1 million (10 lakh rupees) from her father. He can then have his Rs 60,000 that he lost and she will keep the rest as she does not want to go back home and get married. While the ransom letter is on the way to Mini's father, the couple enter into someone's empty home and try to make ends meet. In the process, they fall in love and are happy being with each other. The story takes a twist when Mini's fiancé Sunny and her father come to pay the ransom money but fool them and starts firing, hoping to take Mini back. Suddenly, Mini and Viren are kidnapped by another person and taken away to Chowdhary's house.
Chowdhary (Om Puri) is a notorious kidnapping kingpin, who makes a living out of demanding ransom. Just when you think Chowdhary is a villain of and some never-ending torture drama will unfold, we discover that Viren alias "Chotu" is Chowdhary's son. Disapproving of his father's ways, Viren left home six years ago to work in Patiala as a rickshaw driver. Mini's father comes to pay the ransom and take her home, but Mini is very sad to go as she loves Viren and his family and does not want to marry Sunny. Viren's family want him to marry Mini. When his father tells him that Mini will run the family kidnapping business when he is gone, Viren realises he cannot allow Mini to lead such a dishonorable life and says he will not marry her. Mini thinks that Viren does not love her, and she and her father leave. Viren has a conversation with his father and decides to go after Mini and kidnap her back. Back home, Mini goes through with the wedding ceremony as her father wishes, believing that the man with her is Sunny, but it turns out to have been Viren all along. The two drive off back to Chowdhary's house where they turn the kidnapping business into a reputable taxi driving one.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A reporter interviews Paan Singh Tomar (Irrfan), a dacoit who is in the news for killing 9 people of a community. Answering questions about himself, the story goes in a flashback in year 1950. Paan Singh works in the Army while his wife and mother live in Morena. He surprises his seniors in the Army with his athletic skills. Though he was not interested in sports, he joins the sports division because there were no limits on their diet. Picked for the 5000 metres race's training, he was persuaded to run for the 3000 metre steeplechase by his coach. He participates in the Indian National Games and wins the gold medal in the steeplechase event 7 years in a row. In 1958 he participates in the Asian Games at Tokyo, but couldn't win because of his inability to adjust with the track spikes only given to him in the final event. He felt frustrated when he was not allowed to go the borders to fight in the 1962 and 1965 wars because sportsmen were not allowed to fight in them. In 1967, he participated in the International Military Games and wins the gold medal in the steeplechase.
His elder brother from his native place visits him and tells about an illegal acquisition by Bhanwar Singh, his relative. Paan Singh retires from the Army to settle his family disputes, despite being offered a position as the coach in the army. On arriving home, he tries to resolve the issue with Bhanwar Singh. He seeks help from the District Collector and local police station, but no help is provided. His son is beaten badly by Bhanwar Singh and his goons. Paan Singh then orders his son to rejoin the army and stay away from the dispute. Bhanwar Singh and his goons try to kill Paan Singh and his family. Most of his family manages to escape but his mother is brutally murdered. Paan Singh decides to avenge his mother's death. He becomes a baaghi who wreaks havoc in the Chambal Valley. He forms a gang of few people who are his relatives and are in problem because of Bhanwar Singh.
Pann Singh then arranges money by extorting the money of kidnapped wealthy businessman of the area to arrange money and arsenal for his gangs so that they can make a proper gang.After arranging all the necessary arrangement of arms and ammunition for gang members, he arrange a major attack on Bhanwar Singh who has a police protection but Bhanwar Singh got killed by Paan Singh Tomar after a brief chase.
Then, in order to take revenge for his brother death, he kills an 9 villager of, who became police informers and told police about his hideout. This event creates havoc in the public, administration and also among the other gangs of Dacoit who argues with him to surrender so that manhunt by the police would come to a halt but he denies that.
The interview with the reporter ends here and the interview is published in the newspaper and causes a sensation. The police continued in their search for Paan Singh Tomar, who decides to lie low for a while. He meets his family and his coach in the army who request that he surrenders. Paan Singh refuses to surrender on the principle that while he was a sportsman holding a national record, nobody came to help him with his problems, and the moment he turned a rebel, everyone wants him to be arrested. When the gang reconvenes after a month's hiatus, one of the members Gopi ([Nawazuddin Siddiqui]) who had turned a police informer betrays the gang and gives them away to the police. A shootout ensues where all members of the gang, including Paan Singh, are killed by yashwant singh ghuraiya, a police officer and gurjar by caste.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is a copy of the Hollywood movie Tomcats – The film is about three bachelors Aarav (Shreyas Talpade), Nikhil (Muzamil Ibrahim) and Rajveer (Rajeev Khandelwal) who along with eleven other college mates sign a contract which has two clauses. The first clause says that all of them have to purchase certain number of Reliance shares, and the second rule explains all the shares will go to the man who will remain unmarried till the end. Slowly and steadily people start to break away from the rule and only Nikhil, Rajveer and Aarav remain single. Nikhil is in love with his childhood friend Anjali (Tripta Prashar) and wants to settle down with her but the other two have no such plans, but they find the proceedings interesting after discovering Anjali's best friend Sneha (Mugdha Godse) at the wedding venue. Suddenly all their plans to remain unmarried till the end vanish and the two start trying o win Sneha's heart. Meanwhile, one of Rajveer's friends gives him Rs 5 crore to keep but Rajveer being smart enough invests the money in the stock market, only to find that the company he invested in has crashed and a powerful business magnate (Paresh Rawal) is after his life. Rajveer plans to convince Aarav to get married to Sneha so that he can get all the Reliance shares and pay his due. His plans fail when Aarav manages to listen to a secret conversation.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A poison-gas attack on a Kolkata Metro Rail compartment kills the passengers on board. Two years later Vidya Bagchi (Vidya Balan), a pregnant software engineer, arrives in Kolkata from London during the Durga Puja festivities in search of her missing husband, Arnab Bagchi. A police officer, Satyoki "Rana" Sinha (Parambrata Chatterjee), offers to help. Although Vidya claims that Arnab went to Kolkata on an assignment for the National Data Center (NDC), initial investigations suggest that no such person was employed by the NDC.
Agnes D'Mello, the NDC's head of human resources, suggests to Vidya that her husband resembled former employee Milan Damji (Indraneil Sengupta), whose file is probably kept in the old NDC office. Before Agnes can provide any further help she is killed by Bob Biswas (Saswata Chatterjee), an assassin working undercover as a life insurance agent. Vidya and Rana break into the NDC office and find Damji's file, barely escaping an encounter with Bob, who is searching for the same information. Meanwhile, the attempts to obtain Damji's records have attracted the attention of two Intelligence Bureau (IB) officials in Delhi—the chief Bhaskaran K. (Dhritiman Chatterjee) and his deputy Khan (Nawazuddin Siddiqui). Khan arrives in Kolkata and reveals that Damji was a rogue IB agent responsible for the poison-gas attack. In spite of Khan's warnings, Vidya continues her search, fearing that Arnab's resemblance to Damji may have led him into trouble.
The address on Damji's record leads Vidya and Rana to a dilapidated flat. An errand boy from the neighbourhood tea stall identifies R. Sridhar (Shantilal Mukherjee), an NDC officer, as a frequent visitor to Damji's flat. Bob attempts to kill Vidya, but fails, and is run over by a car during a chase. Examination of Bob's mobile phone leads Vidya and Rana to an IP address sending instructions to kill her. They break into Sridhar's office to verify his IP address, but he is alerted electronically and returns to his office. Vidya accidentally shoots Sridhar dead during a scuffle, which upsets Khan, who had wanted him alive.
Sridhar's computer data reveals a code, which when deciphered reveals Bhaskaran's phone number. Vidya calls Bhaskaran to tell him that she has retrieved sensitive documents from Sridhar's office. She asks Bhaskaran to help find her husband in exchange for the documents, but Bhaskaran tells her to contact the local police. Vidya soon gets a call from an unknown number however, warning her that she should hand over the documents to the caller if she wishes to see her husband alive. Khan thinks the caller is Milan Damji.
Vidya goes to meet Damji, followed by Rana and Khan. Damji cuts the meeting short when Vidya expresses her doubt that he will be able to return her husband in exchange for the sensitive file, and he attempts to leave. Vidya tries to stop him, and in the ensuing struggle Damji draws a gun on her. Vidya disarms him using the prosthetic belly she has been using to fake her pregnancy and promptly stabbing him in the neck with her hair stick, before shooting him with his own gun. She flees into the crowd before the police arrive, leaving a thank you note for Rana and a pen drive containing data from Sridhar's computer, which leads to Bhaskaran's arrest. Rana concludes that no Vidya or Arnab Bagchi ever existed, and that Vidya had been using the police and the IB to achieve her own ends.
Vidya is revealed to be the widow of Arup Basu (Abir Chatterjee), an IB officer and Damji's colleague, who was killed in the poison-gas attack, which also caused Vidya to immediately fall unconscious upon seeing her husband's corpse and suffer a miscarriage. In her mission to avenge his and their unborn child's death, Vidya was helped by retired IB officer Pratap Bajpayee (Darshan Jariwala), who suspected the involvement of a top IB official.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vijay (Aasad Mirza) is a young, shy boy who is molested by a prostitute which wreaks havoc with his emotions. He develops a fear of falling in love until he meets Sarah Jones (Nazia Hussain), a beautiful girl who brings about a change in Vijay's life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with an old man, named Mr. Singh (Mithun Chakraborty), narrating a story to an old woman as her memory is slipping day by day. Mr. Singh tells about young lovers Siddharth and Anjali, played by Aseem Ali Khan and Priyanka Mehta, respectively. Anjali is a rich girl, but Siddharth is a poor man's son. Anjali's father (Dalip Tahil) disapproves this affair and takes the daughter away. Dejected Siddharth starts writing letters to her. He writes 365 letters in that entire year, but never hears from Anjali. She believes that he has forgotten her. Years pass and Anjali could not find Siddharth, so she eventually plans to settle down with another man. But destiny had other ideas and the two lovers meet again. As the flashback ends, the film goes back to the elder couple. The old woman realizes that Mr. Singh was telling the story about their own love story, and her memories of the past come rushing back. Mr. Singh is briefly happy, but his wife's memory leaves again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the Dasht-E-Margoh desert in remote Afghanistan, inside a Taliban camp, ISI official Col. Huzefa (Shahbaz Khan) is interrogating a captured man (Saif Ali Khan) presumed to be a R.A.W. agent. The man gives details of RAW's operations in Afghanistan in exchange for money and safe passage across the border. He betrays his colleague, Major Rajan (Ravi Kissen), who has also infiltrated the camp. This is only a ruse, as both overpower their captors and fight their way out of the camp. Along the way, they rescue a girl called Farah (Maryam Zakaria).
In New Delhi, Agent Vinod enters RAW headquarters to meet his boss Hassan Nawaz (B. P. Singh). Nawaz shows him Major Rajan's final message from Russia. Just as he completes his message, Rajan is killed by a man. Nawaz asks Vinod to find out what '242' is. Vinod travels to St. Petersburg, and enters a nightclub owned by Abu Nazer (Ram Kapoor). He manages to capture and interrogate Nazer, who tells him a man called Freddie Khambatta is to smuggle the million to Morocco. Vinod is almost captured by Nazer's men, but manages to escape, killing Nazer in the process.
Vinod boards a flight to Tangiers, Morocco. Freddie Khambatta turns out to be the flight steward. Vinod picks him up from the airport, only to assume his place. As Freddie, Vinod meets local mafia boss David Kazan (Prem Chopra), who is accompanied by his personal (Pakistani) doctor, Ruby Mendes (Kareena Kapoor). Kazan suspects Vinod, and gets Ruby to administer him a truth serum. Vinod blurts out that he is a RAW agent and killed Abu Nazer. Kazan confronts Vinod when he regains consciousness, but Vinod manages to convince him he is Freddie Khambatta, and explains he had to kill Abu Nazer to protect the mission. He manages to hack Kazan's phone and find out that an MI6 agent is reaching Morocco the following day.
In the meantime, Vinod gets closer to Ruby, and tries to find out what '242' is. Ruby is actually Iram Parveen Bilil, a British-Pakistani who is working undercover for the ISI. Vinod goes to meet the MI6 agent and finds him murdered in his room with strong pointers that the murder was committed by Ruby. He gets an invitation card from the murdered agent's room for a private auction. He learns that many international terrorist groups are converging at an antiques auction in Marakkesh to purchase '242'. Vinod brings Ruby to the auction, where Kazan is also present along with Jagadishwar Metla (Dhritiman Chatterjee). Vinod spots an LTTE agent he had encountered previously, and from him, learns that '242' is actually the detonator for the nuclear device, disguised as an antique volume of Omar Khayyam's 'Rubaiyyat'. A bidding war ensues, and Kazan manages to secure the detonator.
In Chaman, Baluchistan, the Chief of the ISI (Rajat Kapoor) is murdered by Col. Huzefa, who is actually part of a group of rogue ISI colonels planning an attack on India. In Morocco, Kazan locks the detonator with a password, and hands it over to Colonel (Adil Hussain), who has arrived in Morocco. Iram runs into the real Freddie Khambatta, and finds out Vinod is a RAW agent. Managing to escape from men trying to kill them, both agree to work together to prevent the nuclear device from falling into the wrong hands. Ruby returns to Kazan's estate only to find it ransacked and Kazan shot dead by 'Colonel'. 'Colonel' captures Ruby and asks her to reveal the whereabouts of Agent Vinod. He plants a sniper next to the hotel where Agent Vinod is to rendezvous with Ruby. The sniper takes a shot at him but Vinod manages to escape and is admitted to a hospital. The assassin reaches the hospital in the guise of a doctor and tries to administer a venom injection to Vinod. Vinod spots the scorpion tattoo on the doctor's forearm and overpowers him, killing him. He then clears his way out of the hospital to find Iram.
'Colonel', who is now in possession of the detonator, has reached Riga, Latvia to acquire the bomb. He enlists Iram to seduce an airport security employee to get his ID card. Iram succeeds in doing so, and 'Colonel' provides the ID card to his man, who is to transport the bomb out of Latvia. Colonel also sets up a rigged bomb so that both the airport employee and Iram die in the blast. Vinod arrives and as he interrogates Iram, the blast occurs, giving Iram the realisation that she was being set up by the Colonel.
Vinod and Iram join hands and try to capture the Colonel and the bomb. Iram tells Vinod that the Colonel has called for a meeting in Karachi with fugitive mafiosa Taimur Pasha (Gulshan Grover) who may also be in on the plot. The Colonel gets the Rubaiyyat and tells his men to kill Vinod and Iram. However, Vinod manages to kill them all. Iram and Vinod reach Karachi, where they meet Farah, who is a dancer. With her help, they enter the wedding being attended by Pasha. There, they learn that Col. Huzefa and the don have agreed to smuggle the nuclear device from Karachi into India via the sea route. However, they are captured by Col. Huzefa, from whom they learn the target of the bomb is New Delhi. They manage to escape, and make it to New Delhi, where they try to find the location of the bomb. They find that the Colonel is staying with an ISI/Lashkar agent, who is an old professor (Lalit Parimoo). Iram finds the professor's map, which is of the bus route that Jimmy is taking with the armed bomb.
Iram hurries to the exhibition where Colonel is hiding as a pilot. Iram runs into 'Colonel', and is shot, but points him out to Indian security forces, who kill him. Eventually, Vinod tracks down the bomb and takes the bomb up in a helicopter to detonate it as far away from the city as possible. Iram realises that David Kazan had set the password to the detonator and asks Vinod to try the name of Kazan's camel-"Zilleh". The bomb is defused but Iram dies of gunshot wounds. Later Vinod sees a recording, showing Metla planning the attack. Vinod accuses Metla and the Zeus group for murdering millions for making money at the global stock exchanges and starting a nuclear war in the sub-continent for geo-political reasons. Metla mocks Vinod, telling him world affairs are too complex for 'lowly police officers' to understand. However, Vinod is wearing a wire, and London cell of the Lashkar-e-Toiba are listening in. Realizing that they have been manipulated by Metla into almost starting a war with India, with the Pakistan government violently cracking down on them, the Lashkar sends a suicide bomber (Arif Zakaria) to assassinate Metla at a function in his honour. Metla is killed, but posthumously feted as a great philanthropist.
On a beach in Cape Town, the beautiful Russian girl who first acquired the nuclear device is seen sunbathing. She looks up to find Agent Vinod smiling at her. It is apparent Vinod has moved on to his next mission.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about Kunal (Kunal Khemu) who believes he can do anything by trying his hardest. He receives a job offer through his friend Shawn (Teeshay) and his wife Nandini (Puja Gupta) in Cape Town and moves there with his wife Aarzoo (Amrita Puri). They live a happy life together, until Kunal becomes extremely workaholic. Kunal's this nature irritates Aarzoo which leads to frequent outbursts and quarrels. Kunal becomes the most trusted employee of his boss Dharmesh Zaveri (Manish Chaudhary). This thing angers Dinesh Zaveri, Dharmesh Zaveri's younger brother. Kunal advances in his job. Soon Dharmesh is revealed to be an underworld gangster. The company Kunal works in deals with exporting diamonds; Kunal has no idea that it happens illegally. His boss, Mr. Zakaria, sends his hot colleague Rosa to charm Kunal and take him away from his wife. Following the day when Kunal gets drunk in a party, Rosa takes advantage and manages to make love with him. Kunal reaches his house and finds Aarzoo sleeping and accidentally wakes her up, after which they both pick up a quarrel. Soon enough, Kunal realises the crime he is a part of and decides to and leave Cape Town. However, Zakaria knows that Kunal is aware of the illegal business and the only way to keep him silent is to kill him.
Kunal one day tells Aarzoo that Rosa took advantage of him when he was drunk, which leaves Aarzoo shattered and she returns him the diamond pendant given to her by him, writing that she can't live with him anymore and has gone to stay at Shawn's house. Shawn tries to console Kunal, and in the process it's revealed that even Shawn knows about Zakaria's evil plans but can't do anything in front of him. He advises Kunal not to oppose him, otherwise he might end up losing his life. Kunal then gets a call from his boss who sends him to a place where he unknowingly gives a gun and other weapons in exchange for the diamonds, to a terrorist who kills an innocent man in front of him. Kunal feels bad and returns to find that Shawn has been killed.
Then, he reveals about what wrong had been happening with him and how he wanted to leave this, to Aarzoo who later understands and joins him. Kunal tries to get help from a police officer Bobby Kapadia. He asks Kunal to get into Zakaria's cabin and get his computer's hard disk and a diary in which he keeps all his records. Kunal manages to get them but as is about to go, is chased by some guards. He gets stabbed by Dinesh Zaveri but beats him and survives. He fights against all the guards and reaches the plane area, where he gets to know that Bobby Kapadia was actually working with Zakaria, whose plan was to make Kunal reach the plane area where he would kill him. Then Kunal reveals to Zakaria that it was his plan to make him come to the plane area, and that he knew about his identity and thus was playing a game with him. As Zakaria gets up to hit Kunal, he throws the gun and beats him, till the interpol arrives. Zakaria is then arrested and Kunal is taken to safety. Later, it is shown at the end that Kunal and Aarzoo move back to Madh island and Kunal is shown reading Hansel and Gretel to little kids and the movie ends with a song.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Professional hitman Mangal Singh takes a contract to kill stock market scammer Manu Gupta in front of the Goa High Court where he is to stand on trial. Mangal Singh plans to do the job from a hotel room which is opposite to the court. Suresh Sudhakar, a press photographer is sent to Goa to cover Manu Gupta's trial and checks-in at the same hotel next to Mangal Singhs room. Sudhakar tries to meet his ex-wife Pinky who is living in Goa. Pinky refuses to meetup or even talk and confers with her new boyfriend Dr D'Souza. Sudhakar threatens Pinky that he might commit suicide, but she does not believe him. A depressed Sudhakar tries to commit suicide by hanging from the bathroom shower but fails. Bellboy Vincent (who is in Mangal Singh's room at that moment) hears the ruckus and opens the connecting-door between Mangal Singh & Sudhakar's room precipitating all characters to interact with each other. Mangal Singh scared that cops might come to the room, assures Vincent that he will take care of Sudhakar. Assured by this promise Vincent leaves Sudhakar in the care of Mangal. Sudhakar in the meanwhile assumes that Mangal is a truly good Samaritan and taking fancy for his friendship does not let Mangal go anywhere or let him do his job. Pinky's boyfriend Dr D'Souza (a psychiatrist) comes to the hotel to counsel Sudhakar not to commit suicide, but ends up meeting Mangal & mistakes him to be Sudhakar and gives him a sedative, preventing him from performing any work. Completely baffled by this turn of events, Mangal forces Sudhakar to call the Dr back who now comes with Pinky and wakes Mangal up but not before Pinky and Sudhakar have a conversation. This distresses the Dr.
Pinky has a major showdown with both Dr D'Souza and Sudhakar and leaves only to return and speak again to Sudhakar and convince him to go away. During the course of the story Manu Gupta's entourage can be seen, travelling from Bombay to Goa in a police van disguised as a milk van with a group of commandos in it.
Manu Gupta finally reaches Goa but before he can be shot by Mangal, tremendous ruckus follows in the room where Mangal, Sudhakar, a cop and others fight it out and end up dangling from the hotel while a shot is accidentally fired from Mangal's gun and hits Manu Gupta's behind. Despite this, Manu Gupta reaches the court and gives his witness account. Mangal Singh retires to an Ashram due to the shock of forced friendship thrust upon him. Sudhakar gets Pinky back.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with two cousins – Heena (Asin Thottumkal) and Bobby (Jacqueline Fernandez), the two daughters of the Kapoor family who hate each other very much – start quarrelling over something relating to their duties of Animals' Law Authority. Their fathers, Chintu (Rishi Kapoor) and Dabboo (Randhir Kapoor), are step-brothers who hate each other to the very core. Even their wives hate each other. Chintu wants the richest son-in law for his daughter, Heena, while Dabboo too wants the same for his daughter, Bobby. Aakhri Pasta (Chunky Pandey), a marriage counsellor, is ordered by both Chintu and Dabboo to find the best son-in-law. Aakhri Pasta brings Mr. Babani (Virendra Saxena) to discuss Babani's son Jai.
When Chintu misinterprets one of Aakhri's comments, who says that Jai looks neither like his mum or dad and may be a step child. Mr and Mrs. Babani did not hear Aakhri's comments and Chintu verbally abuses Babani while shouting. Babani suffers from a condition that affects his heart when he hears loud noises. Due to Chintu's shouting, Babani suffers a heart attack, landing him in a hospital. Babani's son Jai (Shreyas Talpade) comes to know of this and gets angry, then vows revenge, telling his friend Jolly/Jwala (Ritesh Deshmukh), who is the son of billionaire J.D. (Mithun Chakraborty), to go to Chintu, agree to marry his daughter and then break off the wedding at the last minute. Jolly is busy trying to introduce his girlfriend Jlo (Zarine Khan) to his own father and does not want to get involved. He suggests Max (John Abraham), their former college mate and a pick-pocket, to do the job. Jay goes with Max as his driver but somehow, they end in the wrong house and go to Dabboo's house.
Jay and Max later find out their mistake. Jai, still wanting revenge, doesn't know what to do and Jolly suggests another former sleazy college mate, Sunny (Akshay Kumar). Jolly goes with Sunny as his bodyguard because Max and Sunny are sworn enemies and as Dabboo's house and Chintu's house are right next to each other, their plan may get destroyed. Sunny and Jolly encounter a crocodile and Max and Jay encounter a snake each of the girls has as their pets. They manage to survive the attack.
While Heena and Bobby are at a cruise, they accidentally end up on an island. Max and Sunny become friends again, when Sunny tells him the truth about his colledge girlfriend who forced herself on Sunny and pretended that Sunny was touching her incoorectly. While Heena and Bobby become friends too as Bobby helps Heena remove a thorn that pricked her back, They find a resort and go home. Dabboo gets Jolly (Max/John Abraham) engaged to Bobby and Chintu gets Jolly (Sunny/Akshay Kumar) engaged to Heena. The day of the engagement, Chintu blindfolds Jolly, Sunny, Jai and Heena and takes them to J.D.'s house. After seeing the real Jolly holding Sunny's garland, J.D. believes that Jolly got engaged to Heena. Luckily, Sunny convinces him. Jolly calls them at midnight and reveals his father's secret of being Jagga Daaku . He also reveals that his real name is Jwala. After Sunny fools Chintu, Chintu calls Dabboo in excitement and tells him that his daughter, Heena, is getting married to Jolly, the son of J.D. Confused, and believing Max to be Jolly, Dabboo takes Max and Bobby to J.D.'s mansion. Sunny handles the situation well by fooling J.D. by taking the name of Goddess Dhatrakali as he is his true devotee and tells him that Max is Jolly's friend and Bobby is Max's fiance (though actually it is true) and Max's father is against his and Bobby's marriage. J.D. then welcomes Bobby, Max and her family to his house and tells them to stay there till Bobby and Max's marriage.
Batuk Patel (Boman Irani) arrives with his daughter Parul (Shazahn Padamsee) to make things worse. Jai and Jwala come to receive them from the airport. But when they see Parul, Jai and Jwala lie that Jai is Jolly. Parul becomes happy hearing this as they secretly love each other. Jlo ) gives Jwala the ultimatum  — take me to your house or forget me. To help Jwala, Sunny lies to J.D., saying that Jlo is his fiance, and J.D. again agrees to let her live there as Sunny takes the name of Goddess Dhatrakali. Sunny and Max lie to their respective fathers-in-law that the other guy is the son of J.D. and a maid servant in the mansion. This creates a lot of confusion.
When Sunny's father as well as Max's 'Guru' tells them never to break anyone's heart, Sunny and Max tell the truth to Heena and Bobby. Enraged, Bobby and Heena slap Max and Sunny respectively and tell them that they never want to see their faces again. But thinking that instead of telling the truth, Sunny and Max could have done more wrong with them, the two sisters forgive the two boys on the very next day. There Jai and Jolly also let off their plan of revenge on Kapoors on Jai's father's advice. Then Heena proposes Sunny in Sunny's style and Bobby proposes Max in Max's style.
On the day of the four couples' marriage, J.D. and the other brides' fathers learn the truth about the grooms and that they have been lying all this time. Finally Bobby and Heena convince their fathers to forget their enmity and live together as blood brothers. Chintu and Dabboo join hands and so do their wives. But J.D. was not convinced by them telling the truth, so he turns back into Jagga Daku and starts frightening the families with his gun. He tries to shoot Sunny with his gun as Sunny runs towards J.D. to save him from the falling chandelier and then he understands what was happening. In the end, all the grooms get married to their respective girlfriends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dr. Baldev Chaddha (Annu Kapoor) is a fertility expert who runs a clinic and a sperm bank in Daryaganj, Delhi that guarantees high-quality and specialised sperm for couples. Unfortunately, he has more failed cases to his credit than successes. A healthy and high-performing donor is needed.
While searching for his 'Indian Alexander', Chaddha bumps into Vicky Arora (Ayushmann Khurrana). Vicky is the only son of his widowed mother Dolly (Dolly Ahluwalia), who runs a small parlour from their home in Lajpat Nagar. He lives with his mother and grandmother and provides no financial support to them. Dolly is always nagging at Vicky to go and work for his uncle (Inderpal Singh) so he can help with the family's finances. But Vicky wants a job in a multinational company, which will provide him with a better lifestyle. Vicky's neighbor Shweta (Puja Gupta) is infatuated with him, but Vicky doesn't reciprocate which causes friction between the two.
A small brawl in the colony brings Chaddha and Vicky face to face; Chaddha concludes that Vicky could be the donor he has been looking for. From here on, Chaddha's days and nights are spent convincing Vicky to become a donor; he finally gives in. Although Vicky is hesitant at first, he accepts being a sperm donor after seeing the money he could make. He starts to spend money wildly and renovates his home and his mother's beauty parlor. He fulfills all his dreams with the money he is making. At first he openly discloses he is a sperm donor to his friends but, after repeatedly disgusting them, he starts to keep it a secret.
Vicky falls in love with Ashima Roy (Yami Gautam), a Bengali bank employee, whom he meets when he goes to open an account. At first Ashima is repelled by Vicky and his attitude, but slowly becomes attracted to him. After dating, they admit they are in love and want to get married. Ashima also discloses that she was briefly married to a Bengali, who left her immediately after their wedding because he loved someone else. When she asks Vicky about his status, he hides the fact he is a sperm donor feeling ashamed of it. Despite initial friction between Vicky's and Ashima's families due to conflicting cultures, they convince their families and get married.
After their wedding Vicky stops donating sperm out of faithfulness to Ashima. It is discovered that Ashima is infertile and Vicky, with a heavy heart, takes better care of her. One day while looking at the doctor's reports, Ashima cannot find Vicky's reports and asks him where they are. He admits to not having taken the fertility tests, because of his past as a sperm donor. Ashima becomes extremely upset as her husband has multiple children while she is unable to bear any herself. She is also upset that he lied to her. Ashima goes back to Kolkata to her father's home.
Vicky is very upset as he loves Ashima a lot and cannot live without her. One night he gets a frantic call from his mother who claims that income tax agents have raided her beauty parlor. Vicky rushes to her aid. Once there he is arrested on suspicion of handling black money. While at the police station, Vicky is bailed out by Dr. Chaddha and he clear the air with the police about Vicky's money. He explains that he is a sperm donor and the money was from the parents who used Vicky's sperm. After being released by the police, Dr. Chaddha and Vicky have a chat. Vicky explains that Ashima has left because of his work as a sperm donor and that she is infertile. Dr. Chaddha tells him that he will fix his marriage.
He asks Vicky to bring Ashima to a guest house where he will host an event. Vicky is reluctant because he is not sure if Ashima will be willing to come with him. After Vicky has a chat with Dr. Chaddha he goes to his mother home. She is very upset with him and slaps him. She is angry with him about the sperm donation. While his grandmother is also clearly upset, she points out that Vicky brought happiness and joy to those parents and that's all that matters to her. She then encourages Vicky to go to Kolkata and bring back Ashima, which he does. Vicky then goes to Ashima's father's home and tries to apologize for his deception. Although she is reluctant, Ashima's father sets her straight and tells her that Vicky is a good person, and she should not leave him because she is envious of his being able to have children.
She agrees to go with Vicky to Dr. Chaddha's event. Dr. Chaddha called all the families who received Vicky's sperm to a 25th anniversary party for his clinic. She then sees how Vicky has brought happiness into the families' lives. Dr. Chaddha then takes Vicky and Ashima to an orphanage. He explains that while tracking down two children who Vicky fathered, he came across one child he fathered who lost her parents in a car accident and had to be put in an orphanage. He says that Vicky and Ashima should adopt her. They happily agree and reconcile with each other.
The movie ends with Dr. Chaddha calling Vicky telling him that a request for his sperm has come in, asking if he will donate. With Ashima's approval he agrees...
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kavya Krishna (Paoli Dam) and her best friend, Vicky, pull an anti-operation against one of the biggest business tycoons, which happens to be Siddharth Dhanrajgir's company. They take pictures of a few black-business deals and write an article that gets published. Siddharth, being a rich and cocky tycoon, wants revenge, so he calls Kavya up for coffee. He offers her a job in his company with a three hundred percentage raise in income, and Kavya accepts his offer immediately. They go on a business trip together, and Kavya helps Siddharth get his company a good deal. That night, Siddharth takes Kavya to dinner, where they both connect romantically and end up having sex. Upon returning, Kavya meets Vicky and gives him the gifts she got for him and says 'I love my job'. An upset Vicky is silent and sad, but does not show his feelings.
The next day, Kavya goes to work and finds out that her entry pass to the office has been cancelled. She goes to talk to Siddharth, who arrogantly talks about his plan and pulls a gun out, tortures her, and says that he never had any feelings for her; he just wanted revenge for the sting operation she pulled. He tells her that he punishes people who mess with him, and tells her to get out of his office. Heartbroken, Kavya leaves and applies for another job, with Vicky's support. While Vicky is dropping her, she runs out of the car and vomits. He takes her to the doctor, only to find out that she is now pregnant.
Kavya immediately meets Siddharth again, and he once again humiliates her, but she informs him that she is pregnant and says that she can prove that it's Siddharth's child (through DNA testing). That night, Siddharth calls her and pretends to be sorry for what happened. Kavya immediately runs to meet him. He has her kidnapped, her fetus killed, her ovaries taken out, and then dumps her. Kavya becomes a sex worker and sleeps with many people to get to Siddharth. First she contacts the CEO of Cementec, Rajdev Singh, sleeps with him and without his knowledge copies email from his phone. From there she comes to know that Cementec is going to do a joint venture with a German company due to which all shares of Delhi Cements company will fall. She leaks this information to Delhi Cements Chairman at the cost of ₹ 40 million. She reveals this to Siddharth and challenges him that she will destroy him. Siddharth then puts cameras all over her house without her knowledge but she somehow comes to know and uses his weapon against him only. Due to this Cementec suffers a loss of ₹ 100 billion. Siddharth kills Rajdev and puts the blame on Kavya by showing fake evidences. Kavya takes Cabinet minister's help to escape from jail by blackmailing him. She also offers to sleep with him at the cost of recovering the police file which contains her name and nominating her to the post of director of IIBI bank which holds accounts details of Cementec. After becoming the board member of Cementec, Kavya asks for balance sheets, all files access and all accounts passwords for tally. She goes through all papers with the help of Vicky and comes to know that Cementec has done a big scam. Kavya exposes this scam in the Annual General Meeting of Cementec. Finally Siddharth is arrested for stealing millions from share holders. Kavya goes back to her own house to get the watch gifted to her by Vicky. There she finds Rajdev's wife waiting for her with a gun. Rajdev's wife shoots Kavya thinking that she killed her husband. After killing Kavya she shoots herself too. The movie ends with Kavya's background voice saying, "Mare hue log kabar se nahi dara karte, Vicky...".(Dead people are not scared of Grave, Vicky...)
-----------------------------------------------------------
Aakash Rana (Ajay Devgn) is an illegal immigrant married to British citizen Nikita (Kangana Ranaut) living as a successful engineer. He is eventually caught and deported from the UK thus crushing his dreams of an ideal life.
Four years later, Aakash returns with vengeance on his mind and teams up with his former employees Aadil Khan (Zayed Khan) and Megha (Sameera Reddy) to wreak some havoc. What follows is a bomb threat on a train and a tense railway control officer Sanjay Raina (Boman Irani) and anti-terrorism officer Arjun Khanna (Anil Kapoor) trying every trick in the book to avert the disaster and to apprehend the culprits. Sanjay Raina tries his best to save his daughter Piya (Avika Gor) and the passengers in the train who are thrown in the mix are police officer Shivan Nair (Mohanlal) and his team of cops, who are escorting a prisoner on the same ill-fated train. Aakash demands 10 million euros to tell them how to disarm the bomb. The ministry does not want to give the money, but Khanna convinces them that the money will be given back and is a way to lure the terrorists.
After following Aakash's instructions and dropping the money in a river, he walks away. Meghna gets the money and tries to get away. She evades the cops after a vicious chase but unfortunately she is killed by a van in an intersection. Khanna finds out that Khan is one of the bombers and chases him. Khan is shot in the leg, but he gets away after jumping from the bridge and landing on a jet ski driven by Aakash. Aakash once again demands money and asks it to be left in a dustbin. The dustbin falls inward and Aakash runs away with the money even though the police attempt to pursue him.
Khanna and his team find out where Aadil is and go to arrest him. Aadil commits suicide with a bomb almost killing Khanna. Aakash calls Raina and tells him that a note has been left at a restaurant called Delhi Darbar that tells how to defuse the bomb. However, the restaurant catches on fire and the letter is burnt. Aakash visits Nikita and his son and they arrange to flight out of the UK that night. Khanna visits Nikita and tells who her husband is. After changing the plan (that they should leave UK via train because the police has found out about his plan of leaving via plane), he goes to the train station. There he sees a video of Raina asking the bomber to call again as the letter was burnt.
Aakash calls Raina and tells him that the bomb was not connected to the wheels and the train will not explode if stopped. Raina stops the train, and everyone disembarks safely. Nikita who is helping Khanna now, goes to the train station and sees Aakash and the news that the bomb threat was a hoax. She lets Aakash go, but Khanna finds out as Aakash's son calls him Daddy. Khanna chases him and they fight. Aakash pleas to Khanna to let him go and explains why he took such drastic actions. Realizing that Aakash was a victim of deportation and wants to just be with his family again at peace, Khanna stays silent (hinting he will let him leave scot free). However, the police arrive; after seeing that Aakash had a gun, they shoot him.
In the end, Nikita receives a letter Aakash had written. It stated that the money (which Aakash asked for defusing the bomb) was in Aakash's bank locker. He also states that she should give half the money to Megha's brother and Adil's mother. He asks her to tell his son that what he did was to get justice. Finally, Aakash tells Nikita that if they ever meet in the next life, the end of their love story would be much better and bids her goodbye.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sonu's world is shaken to the core when he realises, after his marriage to Jhanvi, that Jhanvi's estranged father, Mangal Singh Tomar (Manish Choudhary), is actually the leader of the guns/arms business in Delhi. Soon enough, Sonu becomes a police informant for ACP Pratap, who has been looking for Mangal. Becoming a police informant, Sonu manages to convince Mangal that he is a corrupt and shrewd person who will be of use to his gang. Mangal embraces Sonu as his next in command. Sonu, caught between the devil and the deep sea, starts playing a double game. He neither gives information to the ACP, nor tells Mangal the truth about him being a police informer. Secretly he plans to run away with Jhanvi, so that he can live a peaceful life with her. However, things get risky once a mysterious informer in the police force tells Mangal about Sonu's truth.
During a shootout, Mangal finds out the truth about Sonu, and takes his whole gang after him. Sonu, on the run, rings ACP Pratap for help. Pratap then brings his whole police force to the scene. There, Sonu is surrounded by Mangal's gang, which is then gunned down by the police chief commissioner. With only Sonu, Mangal and the chief left, it turns out that the chief is actually Mangal's informer, and they both follow Sonu to a deserted area. There, Sonu meets Pratap and tells him he is done and leaves to go to his wife. However he is shot by the chief. Pratap, seeing Sonu get killed, shoots the chief commissioner and Mangal multiple times, leading to their deaths.
In the hospital, during Sonu's last words, he tells Pratap that his wife Jhanvi should not know about his death, and Pratap should tell her that he was a criminal who committed smuggling and ran away. After his death, Pratap goes to his house and informs Jhanvi that Sonu ran away from the city. Jhanvi, heartbroken, thinks straight and forgets Sonu, and moves away to carry on life as normal.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story of the film spans over a period of four centuries and tells four different stories set in different time periods. Supermodel Sanjana (Karisma Kapoor) and Rohan (Rajneesh Duggal), son of one of the nation's foremost business tycoons have been one of the most popular couples in the social circuit. When Sanjana decides against flying to Paris at the last minute for a lucrative modelling assignment, she does so, not just because she cannot bear to stay away from her boyfriend Rohan, but more importantly because her instincts push her against going. But what her instincts cannot do is stop Rohan from getting kidnapped. The high-profile kidnapping creates chaos in Sanjana's life. The kidnappers demand 500 million. The police however believe that even paying the ransom will not bring Rohan back. Shortly after Rohan gets kidnapped, Sanjana starts hearing strange noises. She has visions of Rohan calling her Geeta. With all this happening, Sanjana realises that she can read Urdu even though she has never learnt it. She informs her doctor friend Neetu (Divya Dutta) about it, who in turns refers her to a psychiatrist.
The latter informs Sanjana that Rohan's kidnapping is somehow linked to her past lives. Sanjana undergoes a past life regression where she sees herself as Geeta, a young Hindu girl who is in love with Iqbal (Rajneesh Duggal). Her entire family has been killed by her uncle. Iqbal suggests that the only way Geeta can escape her death is by leaving the country and settle down in India. Later, it is revealed that Iqbal's friend Aarif (Arya Babbar) is the antagonist, whose purpose is to separate the two lovers.
Sanjana's next life is that of a Muslim girl, Salma. Here again, she loves a young man named Ali (Rajneesh Duggal). The latter leaves for a war with his companion Rashid (Sameer Kochhar). When the war is over, everyone returns except for Ali. Rashid informs Salma that her lover has been killed. It is later revealed that Ali is alive and that it was all Rashid's plan to separate the two lovers. With this particular regression, it is also revealed that Rohan's younger brother Rahul (Ruslaan Mumtaz) has a hand behind his kidnapping.
Sanjana's last past life is that of a young Indian celibate named Paro. She is secretly in love with Raj Dutt (Rajneesh Duggal). The Commander-in-Chief of Rajputana, Durgam Sah (Ravi Kishan) also loves her. When she rejects his love and commits suicide, Durgam Sah takes the help of a psychic named Mantra. He asks her to give him the power to remember everything regarding his current life so that he can continue to separate the two lovers in the next lifetimes. That being said, Durgam Sah, Rashid, and Aarif all have the same soul, but different faces. Their only aim was to separate Sanjana and Rohan. Now the question remains: in which form did Durgam Sah take birth during the present life? During the climax, it is finally revealed that ACP Singh (Jimmy Shergill) is the new Durgam Sah. In a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse all is revealed and at the film's climax, Sanjana is able to recognise who ACP singh really is by a mark on his shoulder which all his previous lives have had, and then proceeds to fatally wound him. This breaks the cycle, and it is revealed that Sanjana and Rohan's souls are able to be together for ever.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The Chauhans and the Qureshis are two political families whose rivalry and mutual hatred for one another goes back generations. Parma (Arjun Kapoor) is a good-for-nothing local thug, grandson of the patriarch chauvinist, Grandfather Chauhan. His grandfather often takes digs at Parma for being the useless son of his widowed daughter-in-law, and this makes Parma try to prove himself worthy. Zoya (Parineeti Chopra), a practising Muslim who offers Salat five times a day, is the trigger-happy, hot-tempered, only daughter in a traditional Muslim house full of brothers, along with her parents. She desires to go into politics like her father, but this dream is constantly laughed at by her family since she is a woman.
When the local elections take place, Parma and Zoya's canvassing efforts lead to a clash between them, which results in Parma being slapped across the face by Zoya. While Parma is enamored by Zoya's fearlessness, Zoya is intrigued by his charm (including his inability to properly pronounce her name, calling her "Joya" instead of the proper "Zoya"). They fall in love after an series of incidents bring them together, and elope; Parma converts to Islam and changes his name to Pervez. After marriage, Parma and Zoya consummate the marriage by having sex in an empty train. Afterwards, Parma reveals that he tricked Zoya into marrying him. He slept with her in order to take revenge against her clan, and repay the humiliation she caused him by slapping him earlier on. Zoya is left heartbroken and devastated, as Parma joins his family in a celebration of "becoming a man". Zoya attempts to invade the celebration in order to to shoot Parma, but is intercepted by his mother, Parvati, who urges her to calm down. Parvati tells Parma that he must honour his marriage vows and do right by Zoya. Parma's family come to know of Zoya's presence in their home and in the heat of the moment, Grandfather Chauhan shoots Parma's mother when she tries to defend her son and daughter-in-law from the bloodthirsty gang. Parma realizes his mistake and protects Zoya from being murdered by his family.
Parma and Zoya go on the run from their families and take refuge in a brothel. At first, Zoya is still furious with Parma for his deception and even believes that he was trying to sell her to the brothel. She attacks him with a piece of broken glass, cutting his arm badly. The brothel Madame allows them to stay while Parma recovers and Zoya begrudgingly nurses him. He asks her for forgiveness and though she refuses to grant it, she shows that she still loves him through little actions of affection. However, their mutual grief soon brings them together, giving their love a second chance. The two renew their marriage vows in a proper ceremony at the brothel. Zoya decides to try reconciling with her family, and takes Parma to her home to win over her father. They are instead met with hostility and gunshots when Zoya's father puts a gun to her head, threatening to kill his own daughter.
The couple flee as Zoya's father sends his men after them. Zoya and Parma prepare to run away to Jaipur, but when Parma leaves the safety of the bus to get water, their pursuers spot him and seize Zoya. She breaks free as Parma furiously fights to save her. They are reunited briefly, but quickly are found by Parma's former friends and run to the local college, which is closed for Eid. The two rival families decide that Parma and Zoya's marriage is a stab to their respective religious communities and political careers, and they try to kill the couple by joining forces.
Parma and Zoya take refuge on a terrace, engaging in a gunfire battle. With only a few bullets left, Zoya realises that they are outnumbered. She asks Parma to shoot her so that their love can win and they can die in the victory of their love, rather than be riddled with bullets by their own families, and allow hatred to win. The two shoot each other in the abdomen willingly and die in each other's arms, smiling. The goons check if they are dead and go inform the two families, who leave satisfied.
The movie ends with Parma and Zoya's bodies lying on the terrace, and an on-screen message that explains how thousands of lovers like them are killed every year only because of falling in love outside their caste and/or religion.
-----------------------------------------------------------
When Inspector Mahadev Bhosale (Sanjay Dutt) is asked by his seniors to form a hit squad to take on the Mumbai underworld, he recruits Shiv Narayan (Rana Daggubati), an honest and brave police officer who had been suspended for an encounter killing. Together, Mahadev and Shiv along with others in the "Department" take on underworld don Sawatya (Vijay Raaz) and his gang. Sawatya, in spite of many exhortations by his number two, D.K. (Abhimanyu Singh), and D.K.’s feisty girlfriend, Naseer (Madhu Shalini), does not hit back at the police.
There is also the gangster-turned-minister, Sarjerao Gaikwad (Amitabh Bachchan), who takes Shiv under his wing after Shiv saves his life at a public rally. Mahadev warns Shiv that Sarjerao is just using him. After a certain turn of events, it is exposed that Mahadev is working for Mohammad Ghouri, who is an underworld don, and is, at the ganglord’s behest, finishing off Sawatya’s gang. While Shiv declines to be a part of Mahadev’s corrupt world, and Mahadev agrees to let him be, things start falling apart between the mentor and the apprentice when Shiv starts taking on a sub-gang formed by D.K., under Mahadev’s protection.
What happens next? Do Mahadev and Shiv come to loggerheads? What about the Sawatya and Mohammad Ghouri gangs? What role does Sarjerao play in the final outcome of all this? The rest of the drama answers these questions.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is based on the early life of the Pandava brothers, loosely taken from the ancient Indian epic Mahabharata. The storyline begins with Arjun as a nine-year-old boy, and follows him until he grows into the warrior that the world knows him as. It explores his life with his brothers in Hastinapur, his training and education, and his ultimate discovery of the warrior within himself.
The movie begins with the young prince of Viratnagar asking a maid to tell him a story. The maid narrates him the story of Arjun.
She tells him that Arjun was a student of Drona, and that he learned the art of warfare from him. He was more skilled than all the students of Drona. None of his own brothers, nor his cousins - the hundred Kaurvas - could equal him in the art. Duryodhana and the other Kaurvas despised the Pandavas, for they feared that they might usurp Duryodhana's throne. When the king Dhritrashtra grew older, the rivalry between his sons the Kaurvas and the Pandavas intensified. Twice, Duryodhana attempted to kill all the Pandavas, but failed. To avoid further conflict, Dhritrashtra proclaimed Duryodhana as the crown prince of Hastinapur, and asked Yudhishthira to be the king of a distant unkempt territory of the empire.
In the meantime, Arjun won a swayamvar, and married the daughter of the King of Panchala, Draupadi. Duryodhana, who loathed the Pandavas, hatched a conspiracy with his uncle Shakuni and won all that belonged to the Pandavas in a betting game called chaupar. After losing everything, Yudhishthira betted his own brothers and Draupadi, and even himself. Draupadi was insulted in front of everyone, but Arjuna could not say anything because Yudhishthira was the king, and the king's words are the last words. The Pandavas, according to the rules of the game, had to go into exile for twelve years and an agyatavasa for one year. While all the Pandavas go one way, Arjuna travels North to do tapasya. Before leaving, Draupadi makes him promise that he will take revenge for her insult. He then leaves, and does tapasya, during which he earns a bow from the Lord Shiva.
The story then shifts back to the present day Viratnagar. It is revealed that the Pandavas are spending their secret exile, or 'agyatavasa', there, and are noticed by some of the spies of Duryodhana. According to the outcome of the game, if any one of the Pandavas is found before the end of that one year, the Pandavas will have to again go for a twelve-year exile. The spy informs Duryodhana that the Pandavas are in Viratnagar. So he launches an attack on Viratnagar with the help of his bandit friends. The king of Viratnagar leaves to thrash the marauding bandits. However, that is the bait. From the other direction Duryodhana's army comes, and it seems that the young prince of Viratnagar is the only one who is left to fight.
Uttar's maid drives the young prince's chariot to the field, but the prince, distraught by the number of enemies, flees. The maid stops him, and reveals her true identity: Arjun. Arjun retrieves his bow and makes prince Uttar drive his chariot. The warrior massacres the army and emerges victorious.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Avinash, a young intelligent boy experiences an extremely challenging phase of life due to his academic failures. He feels an immense vacuum which unfortunately his busy parents are unable to fill. In desperation, he visits his grandfather Dadu after several years.
Being the best kite runner of his era, Dadu uses the 'kite' to subtly impart the lessons of life and prepares Avinash to face life.
The Movie is inspired by a True Story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shiva (Akshay Kumar) is a small-time thief in Mumbai who falls in love with Paro (Sonakshi Sinha). He tells her the truth about being a thief and resolves to give up crime because he loves Paro dearly. Before that, he decides to commit a large robbery along with his con-friend 2G (Paresh Ganatra), which would enable him to earn a lot of money; hence he can give up crime. He "tricks" a woman on a railway station and flees with a trunk. This leads Shiva to Chinki, a little girl who was in the trunk instead of the wealth he thought was there. Chinki thinks that he is her father. Puzzled, he is forced to keep Chinki with him, as a police officer Vishal Sharma (Yashpal Sharma) keeps his eye on him.
Shiva fears Paro will catch him with Chinki and he will lose her forever. He finds a photo of Chinki and her father, who looks exactly like Shiva, thus realizing why Chinki thinks Shiva is her father. It is revealed that Chinki's father is Vikram Rathore (Akshay Kumar), who criminals fear. While chasing a goon to find his daughter, Rathore gets hit by an auto and his brain endures severe trauma. The doctor tells him that the brain injury is serious enough to put his life in danger.
After a few days, Shiva gets fed up with Chinki and breaks the tape recorder she uses to listen to her mother's voice. The next morning, he learns that her mother died. Feeling guilty, he fixes the recorder and becomes fond of Chinki, taking care of her. Unfortunately, Paro sees this and believes he has a daughter that he hid from her and Paro leaves for Patna heartbroken. Soon, the goons who are after Rathore see Shiva. Thinking he is Rathore, they start chasing him. Shiva and Chinki flee for their lives and encounter the woman from the railway station and the police officer from earlier, who tell Shiva to run. Shiva is soon surrounded by the goons. It is revealed that Rathore is watching the whole thing from the top. Just as Shiva is about to get stabbed, Rathore jumps down.
Shiva and the goons are shocked to see the identical-looking Rathore. Rathore locks Shiva and Chinki in a cell for safety, and starts fighting the goons. His brain injury gets worse but he eventually kills every goon by himself.
At the hospital, Shiva realizes that the railway station woman is in fact a real police officer, Insp.Razia Khan (Gurdeep Kohli). The officers tell Shiva that the man who looks like him is ACP Vikram Rathore, a disciplined and respected police officer.
The officers narrated the whole incident to Shiva. Six months ago, Rathore traveled to a village called Devgarh as the new ACP. There, a goon called Baapji (Nassar) and his son Munna trouble, torture and annex money from the villagers. Rathore immediately arrests Munna for raping Vishal Sharma's wife but he is released because of Baapji's politicial connections. Baapji throws a party celebrating Munna's release. At the party, Munna humiliates the police officers. Rathore, being the next target, moves back to the balcony, where Munna falls and gets hanged by the belt of a humiliated inspector. The next day, Rathore gets attacked by Baapji's brother Titla (Supreeth Reddy), where he is stabbed at the back while the people were celebrating Munna's death and shot in the head while trying to save a village child. He is then assumed to be dead. While the police officers are getting ready to bury him, he starts breathing, having survived. Everybody promises not to disclose this to anyone. The officers then took Rathore to Mumbai for treatment.
After Shiva hears the whole story, the doctors say that Rathore doesn't have much time left. Rathore requests Shiva to take care of his daughter. Shiva promises and says that Chinki is now his daughter. Rathore dies holding Shiva's hand.
Shiva vows to complete Rathore's unfinished work. He takes on Rathore's identity and goes to Devgarh with Chinki to take revenge. He sets Baapji's liquor factory on fire and distributes the grains and money back to the villagers. Paro finds out the truth, and that Shiva will now always be Vikram Rathore. She apologizes to him and vows that she will also take care of Chinki. In a heavy climax, Rathore eventually kills Baapji and Titla. The people of Devgarh are now safe. Rathore marries Paro and starts his new life as a police officer with her, Chinki,Razia,Vishal, and 2G.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 1960, aspiring musician Govind (Shahid Kapoor) and popular Bollywood superstar Ruksar (Priyanka Chopra) meet on a train heading to Bombay, India. Ruksar had run away from her home Lucknow with her best friend to become a film star. The two bond over their careers but part ways after arriving in Bombay. Govind befriends Radhika (Prachi Desai), a confident and modern girl, who is charmed by his simplicity. Ruksar and Govind meet again and hit it off at a party, but Govind notices a photo journalist following them. He holds Radhika's hand to mislead the journalist, unaware that Radhika has fallen in love with him. Radhika is the best friend Ruksar had run away with, and the two tell each other about the man they've fallen in love with, not realising he is the same person. When Ruksar, Radhika and Govind all meet, the three realise what happened and brokenheartedly part ways.
In London in 2012, college students Krish and Radha meet after Krish breaks up with his girlfriend, Meera (Neha Sharma), on his birthday. After a misunderstanding between Krish and Radha is cleared, they become friends and spend time getting to know each other. When Meera learns that Krish is with Radha, she angrily uploads embarrassing photos of him to Facebook that go viral. Radha learns that Krish spent the night with her on his birthday only two hours after he broke up with Meera, but when she tries to talk to him, he is too busy retaliating against Meera. Frustrated and heartbroken, Radha leaves.
The film rewinds to 1910 Sargodha during the times of the British Raj. Javed, a Punjabi Muslim womaniser with a talent for reciting poetry, meets Aradhana, a young woman in the village, while being chased by the police. They become acquainted, but Javed's flirty nature upsets Aradhana. Javed insists she is special and focuses all his attention on her. He joins Aradhana's father in a protest for freedom from the British, but when officers begin to physically abuse the protestors, Javed hides while Aradhana's father is beaten. Aradhana is disgusted with him. To appease her, Javed allows himself to be beaten and arrested in front of her. She visits him in jail and tells him their love cannot happen, but he asks her to wait. Three months later, Javed is freed, but he learns that Aradhana was married a month before. Aradhana tells Javed in tears that she only got married to make her father happy. Soon after, Javed also must marry for his father's happiness. Aradhana comes to the wedding to see him one last time. During the vows, Javed realises Aradhana is wearing a widow's clothes and stops the wedding, insisting on marrying Aradhana.
To conclude, all three couples are revisited. In 1960, Govind packs up and boards a train, but is followed by Ruksar, and the two reconcile. In 2012, Krish speaks to Meera and Radha one more time, severing ties with Meera and confessing his true love to Radha. In 1910, Javed and Aradhana vow that their love will not only last this lifetime but for all lifetimes to come.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Maximum revolves around two of Mumbai Police's top encounter specialists and their fight for control. This fight goes through a maze of politics, land deals, fake encounters and bad money. Pundit (Sonu Sood) and Inamdar (Naseeruddin Shah) try to overtake each other for power. Each kill the other's informers and divides the Mumbai police. Inamdar and his superiors frame Pundit and he gets suspended. Pundit comes back into the force with the help of a minister, Tiwari (Vinay Pathak). After the Mumbai bombing Inamdar is removed from his position and Pundit is reinstated. Meanwhile, Tiwari takes responsibility for the elections. One night when he is at home his accomplices are shot. He goes to check and finds the culprit to be Pundit. Pundit shoots Pathak.
In flashback it is shown that while Pundit is travelling with his wife, Supriya (Neha Dhupia) shots are fired. In the confusion his car falls into a jungle. After that he shoots all the people and says that they were Niranjan's people. But when he comes back he realises that his wife is no more. Then it is revealed that Tiwari had an offer from the Home Ministry and 700 million from Pundit's enemies in exchange for killing Pundit. Instead, his men killed Pundit's wife. That was the reason Pundit shot Tiwari.
Before dying Tiwari confesses that he should not have done what he did. Pundit asks whether Subodh(his superior) knew of this. Finally Pundit shoots Tiwari.
Pundit hands over property documents to a reporter. The reporter tells him that there is no going back once this goes public. Pundit says that he does not want to return. Pundit comes with his daughter and the reporter to leave the city. Meanwhile, Inamdar and his men start shooting at them. Many people from both sides are killed. Meanwhile, the train is about to start. Pundit sends his daughter with his brother and the reporter to catch the train. She is unwilling to leave without him but finally does. An open shootout follows in which both Pundit and Inamdar are shot. A severely injured Pundit runs towards the train to meet his daughter. Before he can do so he is shot by Inamdar. Before dying he manages to shoot Inamdar. Pundit has a last look at his daughter before finally dropping dead.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Abbas Ali (Abhishek Bachchan) lives in Chandni Chowk with his sister Sania (Asin Thottumkal). When their ancestral property is taken from them by deception, Abbas loses his job. Their family friend, Shastri (Asrani), convinces them to move to his village, Ranakpur, where he assures Abbas that he will get him a job at his boss, Prithviraj Raghuvanshi's (Ajay Devgn), place. Pritvhiraj is a powerful but kind-hearted man who hates lies and liars, and punishes them harshly. Abbas and Sania arrive at Ranakpur and meet Abbas's friend Ravi (Krishna Abhishek), Shastri's son, who runs a drama company with his friends. Abbas learns that there is a temple at the border of Ranakpur and Kherwada, the village where Prithviraj's cousin Vikrant Raghuvanshi is powerful. The two cousins are archenemies. The temple, being at the border of the two villages, was disputed and has been locked for years.
The plot begins when a child falls into the well of the temple and Abbas breaks the temple's lock to save the child. When Prithviraj arrives at the scene, Ravi says Abbas's name as Abhishek Bachchan to avoid religious controversies of a temple being broken open by a Muslim. Prithviraj hires Abhishek Bachchan (Abbas) and is happy with his work, but Ravi and his friends have to come up with a new plan when Prithviraj spots Abbas celebrating Eid as a Muslim. Abbas and the others convince Prithviraj that the one celebrating Eid was actually 'Abbas', an effeminate man and classical Kathak dancer. Things become worse for Abbas and Ravi when Prithviraj kindly hires Abbas for teaching Kathak to his sister Radhika (Prachi Desai). The more Abbas tries to manage his dual life without letting Prithviraj know, the more he has to lie to cover up other lies; this forms the crux of the story. The movie ends with a climatic cliff scene where both Abbas and Pritihviraj make up after a series of lies.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Meera (Diana Penty) is a shy and simple traditional girl who leaves her family in India, to live in London with her husband Kunal (Randeep Hooda). While at the London airport, she meets Gautam "Gutlu" (Saif Ali Khan), a shameless flirt and playboy who hits on her and asks her out. Meera politely tells him that she is married and then leaves. Meera searches for her husband and finally finds him, but he is angry to see her and explains that he only married Meera for her money, telling her to stay away from him. This leaves Meera heartbroken and stranded in London with no place to stay.
While in the bathroom at a department store, Meera meets free spirited party girl Veronica (Deepika Padukone) who sees Meera weeping and decides to help her. Veronica takes Meera to her apartment and explains that her estranged father sends her a large amount of money through cheque every month, which helps Veronica enjoy the life of a rich socialite. One night, Veronica takes Meera to a nightclub, where they run into Gautam. At the club, Gautam and Veronica dances intimately and make out. The next morning, after a job interview, Meera comes home to find Gautam on the couch. She learns that Gautam and Veronica slept together the previous night. Soon, Gautam moves in with Veronica and Meera, continuing his "no strings attached" relationship with Veronica. Although Meera initially dislikes him, she comes to accept him, and the three become good friends.
Eventually, Gautam's mother Kavitha (Dimple Kapadia) and his uncle Randhir Boman Irani arrive, looking for him. Kavitha is shocked to see Gautam's drunken escapades with the two girls, and wants to know if he has found anyone to settle down with yet. Kavitha does not particularly like Veronica due to her lifestyle, while Randhir develops a soft spot for her. Gautam lies to his mother and says that he is in a relationship with Meera because she is the "Ideal Indian girl", who would meet his mother's approval. During this charade, Gautam and Meera become closer and end up falling in love. However, Meera is hesitant to admit it, because she does not want to hurt Veronica, her best friend. Veronica has fallen in love with Gautam and is trying to win the approval of his mother by becoming a "decent" Indian girl.
Unable to continue with the lie, Gautam sits the two women down and explains to Veronica that even though she loves him, he is in love with Meera. Meera apologises to Veronica, but Veronica assures her that it is okay and insists that they all go to the club to celebrate. However, at the club, a drunken Veronica breaks down, telling Gautam that she will do whatever he wants, and she tells Meera that no one has ever used her the way she did. The next morning, the three part ways. Meera decides to go back to her husband, while Veronica becomes depressed and engages in increasingly dangerous and destructive behaviour. One night, Veronica is badly injured after being hit by a car. Gautam rushes her to hospital. Meera comes there with Kunal to make it look like she has gotten over Gautam.
Gautam moves back in with Veronica to care for her. Veronica thinks that they are rebuilding their relationship, but soon realises that Gautam is no longer the flirtatious, fun-loving man with whom she fell in love, and that he is that man only when he is with Meera. She sacrifices her love for Gautam after realising she is not perfect for him, and she helps him locate Meera. They seek out Kunal, who tells them that Meera left him because she loved Gautam too much and that she has gone back to India. Gautam and Veronica travel to Delhi. Gautam proposes to Meera, and she accepts. Veronica and Meera become best friends again and the three friends reunite.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film stars Prem Chopra as the Hero's grandfather. He (Prem) wants someone to come in his grandchild's life who would change his life completely. Hero is very strict by nature and changes his driver five times a month. So by this behaviour of his Prem becomes upset. But suddenly a female driver comes into his life and the whole story changes respectively. At last Hero marries the female driver and the story ends successfully.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Picture Abhi Baki Hai is the journey of Amar Joshi (Sunil Shetty) who runs a video library in banaras and aspires to be a film maker. Despite facing objection from his father Amar Joshi decides to sell his video library and joins a film Institute in London.
After completing his course he lands in the city of dreams "Mumbai" to make his film. Suraj (Rajpal Yadav) is a struggling actor doing bit roles in T.V. serials, who Is Amar's only connection in Bollywood.
Amar Joshi starts his struggle to make his film by meeting different type of producers who have their own take on Amar's story. After many failed attempts He finally bumps into Monty Chadda (Rakesh Bedi) a P.R. Publicity man who sees good potential in Amar and decides to produce his film.
Amar & Monty take help of star secretary Guptaji (Akhil Mishra) to convince Mohini (Udita Goswami) & her starry mother Mummyji (Neena Gupta) who agrees to do the film.
Amar's film starts, But is stalled all of a sudden when Monty suddenly disappears. Amar is summoned by Sudama Bhosle (Deepak Shirke) a don who was financing his film. He wants Amar to complete his film and also wants him to cast his girlfriend "Tina" (Mummait Khan) Amar reluctantly agrees as he has no option. But as luck would have it Sudama Bhosle is shot dead and Amar's film is stalled once again. Monty Chaddha resurfaces again and decides to make Amar's Film into a magnum opus. so a veteran silver jubilee writer Mr. Baig (Om Puri) is brought on board. Once in, Mr. Baig takes over the reins of the film from Amar and changes it into a totally different film.
What follows is a chain of events which gives the audience a never seen before insight into the modus operadi of how films are generally made in Bollywood. In a nutshell, Picture Abhi Baki Hai will take you on a wild journey inside the dreamy world of Bollywood where you will see the reality of the largest film industry of the world. It won't just make you laugh; it will make you appreciate the efforts of those who try to entertain you every minute.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows Sid (Riteish Deshmukh) and Adi (Tusshar Kapoor), roommates and good friends. Adi is a struggling actor, whilst Sid is a struggling DJ who admires his own dog Sackru more than himself, Adi and Sid manage to meet ends by offering Sackru for mating in dog breeding centres where Sackru mates with female dogs of his breed on playing a specific music by Sid. Adi falls in love with Simran (Neha Sharma) who works at a call-center, Adi proposes Simran for marriage but she refuses and lies to him that she is lesbian, while Sid falls for Anu (Sarah Jane Dias) whom he meets at a fashion show. Then Anu and Simran go to Goa to meet Anu's father, Marlo (Anupam Kher) who has gone mad ever since the death of his mother. In Goa, Baba 3G (Chunky Pandey), a conman posing as a priest tells Marlo that his dead mother has been reincarnated into a female dog Rosemary. When Adi and Sid take Sackru and follow the girls to Goa and Sid meets Marlo where Sackru copulates with the female dog Rosemary.
Marlo then believes the dog is not his mother as she was so pure and didn't let her husband touch her. However, Baba 3G, not wanting to lose his business, tells Marlo that his father has been reincarnated as Sackru, and Sackru is then kidnapped by Marlo. Sid comes to rescue Sackru where Marlo offers Sid to host New Year's Eve as DJ and takes Sackru. Adi mistakes Anu to be partner of Simran and tells Sid about it, both get broken and decide to leave Goa with Sackru. Marlo decides to get Rosemary and Sackru married. Adi receives a message from Simran for help. Adi and Sid reach the venue of marriage, where Simran confirms Adi that she is not lesbian and both reunite, Sid with intent to take Sackru back plays the music on which Sackru runs on a mating spree in the function. A police inspector at the venue recognises Baba 3G as a criminal and arrests him. The film ends with marriage of Adi, Sid and Sackru with Simran, Anu and Rosemary.
-----------------------------------------------------------
At the beginning, Izna, a porn star (Sunny Leone), is lying dead in the grass, but she says that she wants to ask forgiveness from somebody for her sins. The story flashes back six months.
Izna is hired by an intelligence officer Aayan Thakur (Arunoday Singh) and Security Chief Guru Saldanah (Arif Zakaria) to become a 'honey-trap' and help them retrieve critical information from a dreaded assassin, Kabir Wilson (Randeep Hooda). During this mission, Aayan gets to know about Izna's previous relationships with Kabir when Kabir himself used to work for the intelligence. During one of his missions where Izna was being used for drug-peddling in a pub, which she was unaware of, Kabir arrested the guilty drug-peddlers, and Izna explained that she was innocent. Kabir took a coin from her and explained how the coin saved her from an arrest. He had seen her pick it up from the street after she dropped it, something a person in a drug-cartel would not do. Izna started loving Kabir and followed him home, handing him a love letter written in her own blood. Both started loving each other but one day, Kabir disappeared without any word. Six years passed and Izna did not find him despite many efforts.
After Izna agrees to the mission, she is taken to a residential colony in Sri Lanka to live where Kabir also lived with an identity of a musician. Izna is asked to act as Aayan's fiancee and is given a story of how they both met each other. Izna then is asked to go to Kabir's house to introduce herself as his new neighbour, but he acts as if he does not recognise her. The very next day, he writes "Sorry" on her window in his blood but flees as soon as a phone call comes. Kabir attacks Guru Saldanah's team but Saldanah makes an escape and plans to stop the operation. Aayan plans to steal the data from Kabir while Izna takes Kabir out. Izna sends a letter to Kabir telling him that she wants to meet him, and Kabir leaves his house. Aayan moves to Kabir's house to steal the data. When he copies data from Kabir's laptop, it gives Kabir an alert to his phone, and Kabir runs towards his house. Aayan escapes with the data, but he later discovers that it had all been falsified. Izna says that she will never forgive Kabir and will bring him down.
Kabir, who still trusts Izna, had never had reason for suspicion of her; not so with his trusted friend Sumit, who suspects her and warns Kabir about her. Kabir proposes to marry her and asks Izna to shift to his house and leave Aayan. Izna agrees to this. But in the meantime, Aayan, who has fallen for Izna, is angered upon hearing this. She claims that she will only be able to steal the data once she gets into Kabir's house. She moves to his house and starts staying with Kabir. Kabir asks Sumit to arrange for a priest for the marriage, who accidentally reads an SMS to Aayan on Izna's phone, which proved she was a spy. Sumit goes to kill Aayan, but instead, he is himself killed in a gun battle. Aayan calls Izna for some urgent talk and expresses his fears that they can no longer play this risky game as when Kabir will find out that Sumit is killed, he will kill Izna. Aayan gives her poison and asks her to mix it into Kabir's drink.
When Izna is not at home, Kabir goes to Aayan's house and discovers Sumit's hearing aid. To find more about Sumit, Kabir searches the house and ends up discovering a book inside Izna's bag which has a similar story that Izna told to Kabir regarding her meeting Aayan. This confirms Sumit's suspicions, and Kabir waits for Izna. When she does return, she offers him coffee. However, she blends the poison Aayan had given her into the coffee she serves him. Kabir tells Izna that years ago, he had left Izna for a sting operation, only to discover, during the operation, that the country's own officers, security forces and politicians were corrupt. Therefore, he had shortlisted them and then he had them killed. According to Kabir, he was a patriot, not a terrorist.
Dumping out the poisoned coffee undrunk, Kabir tells Izna that the Guru Saldanah is a fraud, and his team impostors, who will kill Izna once they get the hard disk containing the original data. He asks Izna to escape and offers her a new passport, tickets, and access to an account maintained at a Swiss bank from which she can withdraw unlimited money. When Kabir kisses her before their separation, Izna shoots him in the stomach, upon which Kabir immediately dies. Running away with the hard disk containing the original data, she goes to Guru Saldanah and hands over the hard disk to him. However, she is soon surprised to know that Guru Saldanah is indeed a fraud, as Kabir had pointed out, and that after the task, she was supposed to have been killed. Aayan was given this responsibility, but he had changed his mind as he was in love with her. As Saldanah tried to kill Izna himself, Aayan tackled him and killed him instead.
Izna told Aayan that because of their fraudulent mission, she killed an innocent person, and that too, the love of her life who blindly trusted her. Izna says that she would prefer to die with Kabir than live with Aayan, and attempts to leave with the hard disk. Aayan threatens to shoot Izna if she leaves the house. Izna then leaves the house. Aayan follows her and then shoots her in the back. Aayan approaches her and turns her over. Still alive, Izna shoots Aayan twice and kills him. Then she is seen with Kabir after death, and she tells him that without him, Heaven is not a heaven, and with him, she has no reason to be afraid of Hell.
-----------------------------------------------------------
An agent code-named "Tiger" (Salman Khan) – India's top spy and an officer of the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) – is conducting a mission in northern Iraq. Tiger is forced to kill one of his own men who has defected to Pakistan's spy agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI). He subsequently kills many ISI agents in his escape from Iraq. Tiger returns to India and reports to his boss, Shenoy (Girish Karnad), in New Delhi. He is immediately sent on a mission to Dublin to observe a scientist of Indian origin, Professor Anwar Jamaal Kidwai (Roshan Seth), who teaches at Trinity College and is suspected of sharing his findings with the Pakistan defence establishment. Fellow RAW agent Gopi (Ranvir Shorey) accompanies Tiger on this mission. Tiger meets the scientist but fails to spend enough time for his observance and instead begins to spend time with the scientist's caretaker Zoya (Katrina Kaif), who is studying at a local dance academy. He tries to befriend Zoya to extract information, but begins to discover his human side as he grows closer to her. Tiger is attacked and robbed at his residence by a person suspected to be an ISI agent. Despite several warnings from Gopi to not let any personal feelings get in the way of the mission, Tiger falls in love with Zoya. Tiger asks Zoya for a date and there they both came to know about their feelings for each other. Before telling her his feelings, during a visit to dance academy, Tiger discovers that Zoya is an ISI agent and refuses to commit treason on Pakistan when he asks. Instead of killing Zoya, Tiger lets her go.
Some time later, Tiger and Zoya meet again at a UN Foreign Minister's Meeting in Istanbul when Zoya signals to him using a cryptic message. They decide to leave everything for their love and fool their respective agencies by taking a flight to Cuba, having told their agencies that they are in Kazakhstan. Some years later, their agencies trace Zoya and Tiger due to a CCTV recording. They track them down in Havana, Cuba, and the ISI agents catch Zoya. Tiger meets Gopi, who is searching for him for RAW, and having lied to Gopi that both Tiger and Zoya intend to return to India and cooperate with RAW, convinces Gopi to save Zoya from the ISI agents. Instead of returning to India, the pair trick Gopi and escape aboarding an aeroplane. Tiger calls Shenoy, who tells him that RAW will find both spies. Tiger tells Shenoy that they will only return when Pakistan and India no longer need ISI and RAW. In the epilogue, several images of Tiger and Zoya in cities including Venice, Cape Town, Zurich and London are shown, where sightings of them have been reported. But neither agencies could catch them.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Farhad Pastakia (Boman Irani) has a dream job as a bra-and-panty salesman. Except that he is a 45-year-old Parsi bachelor still living with his overbearing mother and grandmother. But it’s not like he’s stopped trying. Desperate to get him married, Farhad’s mother drags him to see women and even to embarrassing Parsi matrimony services.
In the midst of all the daily humdrum, Farhad meets the woman of his dreams: Shirin Fugawala (Farah Khan), who drops by his store. Shirin, who works at the Parsi Trust, hits it off with Farhad from the start. Everything seems to be perfect and Farhad gets ready to introduce Shirin to his mother. But mummy becomes the villain in their story when she discovers that Shirin is the devious Parsi Trust Secretary who got the illegal water tank in their home demolished. The water tank being the 'aakhri nishaani' of Farhad’s late father doesn’t help matters.
The ups and downs in Shirin-Farhad’s relationship and how the two try to make it work is the rest of the journey.
The proposal scene in the movie where Shrin accidentally swallows a diamond ring was plagiarized from an episode of 'Two and a Half Men' where Chelsie swallows a diamond ring that Charlie Harper had put in her champagne glass.
The plot of the movie is similar to an old Hollywood classic " Marty's"
-----------------------------------------------------------
Agastya (Akshay Kumar) is a scientist, working on the development of a communication system, to communicate with aliens. But Agastya loses the faith of his seniors and is allotted with a deadline of one month to conclude his project with some substantial results.
In the mean time Agastya is informed by his girlfriend Diva (Sonakshi Sinha) about his father's illness. On hearing this they both reaches his native village Paglapur, whose colourful inhabitants include a man who speaks in gibberish, another who thinks he is a lamp post and everyone else who think that the World War II is still going on.
Soon after reaching there, Agastya finds that he was called on a false pretext of illness by his father.
On getting apprised about truth, Agastya decides to move back to US, but after hearing the plight of the inhabitants of Paglapur, due to the brushing aside of the village by the government because of its being absent from the demarcated map of India, he makes his mind to come out with some solution for the problem.
As the story proceeds, Agastya comes up with a quaint idea pertaining to the crop circle and arrival of aliens in his village, in order to fetch a recognition for his otherwise isolated village undergoing a plight of neglect ever since the independence.
With frames moving ahead, Agastya along with other villagers creates crop circle in Paglapur and spreads rumour about arrival of aliens in the village. And from there, amid tremendous media hype, takes over some hilarious sequences knitted around UFO and fictitious man made aliens.
In the end, the whole joke about the fake aliens is found out and at the end of the movie real aliens come and give the village the gift of oil.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A well-heeled family from tiny neighborhood of New Delhi travels from the city through dusty roads that lead into the Madhogarh village, district Mahendragarh in Haryana, far out and buried in the debris of the past. Shreya, the tomboy of the family, finally arrives at her father’s village for the first time during her vacations, that too after coaxing her father, Dev, to the best of her abilities. She and her brother, Sam, had, in their imagination, spun the village right out of a fairytale, replete with streams, lakes and grasslands that will allow them to run free. But all they find are dusty alleys, dried up ponds and hostile playmates until they spin their magic and befriend this unknown place, especially some of its people, like the Pehelwan and the gang of kids led by Ajithe. The story revolves around Shreya and Sam’s adventures and misadventures which turn this dull place bereft of water into a land of enchantment, mischief and a million exciting exploits. But unknown places have many secrets, and here too, secret lurk at every corner. Strangely behaving villagers, a witch whom everyone seems to be terrified of, and a no-access zone beyond the hills intrigue Shreya, more so after housemaid Shabri tells her various mysterious stories about the village. Then, one night, Shreya sees Shabri and her husband Trilochan slink away, and starts following them, only to find out a horrifying secret the village harbors. At the end, they are shocked to know that the village kills girl children before they are born and blame the witch.
-----------------------------------------------------------
It was a dream come true for Meghaa Banerjee, a small town girl in West Bengal, India when she earned a scholarship from the prestigious University of New South Wales in Australia to pursue her master's degree in Economics with inevitable butterflies in her stomach. She embarks upon her maiden expedition to Sydney leaving her protective shell and family behind. Coming from a conservative middle-class background, life and culture in Sydney was an instant eye opener for her. Under guidance of her caring cousin Kalpana fondly called "Kol", Meghaa slowly embraces her new life in Sydney where she makes new set of friends, which includes cherubic Lubaina, prankster Raj, and narcissistic Suhail. Love and romance was something that was strictly not in her agenda of things. However being young at heart it was just something waiting to happen to her when she met Rohit - a charismatic, full of sheen and friendly natured fellow student in the University with whom she starts gelling right from the beginning.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around Shanaya (Bipasha Basu), an actress at the height of her success. She gets offered the best roles and wins all the awards she is nominated for. In addition, she also has a passionate affair with a handsome director named Aditya (Emraan Hashmi). This all ends when a younger actress, Sanjana (Esha Gupta) makes her film debut. In place of Shanaya, Sanjana comes into spotlight and begins to snatch away her awards. Suddenly, Shanaya seems forgotten and everybody only wants to work with Sanjana. Soon enough, Shanaya sees her career fading away and her envy slowly becomes craziness. She begins to turn to black magic and makes it her goal in life to destroy Sanjana's career and make her the pain of loss.
She seeks help of her uncle sonu (Sunil Dhariwal), a tantrik who helps her to practice black magic and calls upon an evil entity, Tara Dutt (Manish Chowdhary). She asks him to make Sanjana's life a living hell. Tara agrees to help haunt and torture Sanjana until she becomes suicidal. He asks Shanaya to give her a black poison through a person she trusts. Shanaya seduces Aditya to do it for her and whenever he feels guilty, she makes him accept again. Aditya, whose sympathy for Sanjana has turned into love, leaves Shanaya and refuses to listen her any more. Now Shanaya must work on her own to defeat the power of love.
Somehow, to try to end Aditya and Sanjana's love triangle, Shanaya hatches a plan by befriending Sanjana in order to poison her which Aditya gets suspicious about. At a movie premiere, Shanaya reveals that she actually hid the poison in the chocolate basket she gave to Sanjana earlier. In the bathroom, Sanjana is attacked by a swarm of moths which she takes of her dress and run nude in public, Aditya takes her to the Hospital and finds out that Shanaya was behind this. In rage, Aditya visits Shanaya's house and damages her things, taking away the last bit of the poisonous water. Agitated, Shanaya seeks Tara Dutt's help again, wanting to kill Sanjana. Tara Dutt tells Shanaya that life and death are in God's hands and that to fight God he'll need her life force. He tells Shanaya that she has to have sex with him to enable Tara to become powerful, to which Shanaya agrees. At the hospital, with the help of the doctor and a saint, Aditya goes into the spirit world to fight Tara Dutt, defeating him and rescuing Sanjana's soul. Back in the real world, Shanaya suffers damage as a result of the fight between Tara Dutt and Aditya and attempts to kill Aditya and Sanjana, only to meet failure. Aditya protects Sanjana from the defeated Shanaya who vows that she will remain a star and commits suicide by pouring acid on her head causing her skin to melt to death.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Suraj has everything any young man would kill for – an MBA, a well-paid job and an offer from UK with a salary of 5,000 pounds. But Suraj is no ordinary boy! He has only one passion – Cinema. His only dream is to be a film Producer-Director. He chooses passion over money and becomes a rebel. He produces a shocker to his family and friends, that he is quitting his job to follow his dream of film making. Being disowned by everyone and without any industry contacts, Suraj is left all alone to find his way in the big bad world of Bollywood.
Suraj starts his career by putting posters alongside roads. He struggles as an assistant on the sets and has to face rejection from the industry, his friends, family and loved ones.
Chal Pichchur Banate Hain is Suraj’s passionate journey from an MBA to a filmmaker.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Murphy "Barfi" Johnson (Ranbir Kapoor) is an optimistic, street-wise, charming young man who was born deaf-mute to a Nepali couple in Darjeeling. His mother died when he was a baby and his father raised him alone, while working as a chauffeur. Barfi is known as a troublemaker – he cuts lampposts, plays practical jokes on innocent people, and is chased by Sudhanshu Dutta (Saurabh Shukla), a local police officer. Barfi meets Shruti Ghosh (Ileana D'Cruz), who has just arrived in Darjeeling; she is engaged to Ranjit Sengupta (Jisshu Sengupta), and is due to get married in three months, and Barfi is immediately smitten with Shruti. She also falls in love with Barfi but her mother dissuades her from pursuing him because he could not take care of her with his disabilities and lack of money. Shruti takes her mother's advice, gets married, and moves to Kolkata, breaking all contact with Barfi.
Meanwhile, Barfi's father falls ill and Barfi must somehow raise the money for his treatment. After an unsuccessful attempt to rob a local bank, he tries to kidnap Jhilmil Chatterjee (Priyanka Chopra) – Barfi's autistic childhood friend and wealthy heiress of her grandfather's fortune – for a ransom. Upon arriving, Barfi finds she has already been kidnapped. He sees her in a van, sneaks inside and drives Jhilmil away from the ransom delivery. He hides her in his apartment with the police in pursuit. Barfi collects the ransom but finds that his father has died just as he makes the payment. Dejected, Barfi tries to leave Jhilmil at the village of her caretaker, but she refuses to leave him and they soon move to Kolkata, where Barfi assumes responsibility for Jhilmil and takes care of her.
Six years later, Barfi and Shruti meet by chance. Shruti is unhappy with her marriage and she and Barfi rekindle their friendship, much to the chagrin of the lovestruck Jhilmil, who then goes missing. Shruti files a missing person report for Jhilmil. The Darjeeling police learn about the report, resume their pursuit of Barfi and arrest him. As he is being interrogated, another ransom demand for Jhilmil is made and she is apparently killed in the process of the exchange, though her body is never found. In order to conclude the case, the police try to frame Barfi for Jhilmil's murder. Policeman Sudhanshu Dutta, who grew fond of Barfi after investigating him for his nuisances, asks Shruti to take him away, offering him a second chance at life. She agrees and hopes that now Jhilmil is gone, she can finally be with Barfi.
Barfi is deeply affected by Jhilmil's loss and finds living with Shruti unfulfilling. He finds the location of Jhilmil's childhood home and takes Shruti to look for her. They find that Jhilmil is still alive, and that both kidnappings were fabricated by her father so he could embezzle money from Jhilmil's trust fund. In the second attempt, second time, they faked her death so that she could return to her special-care home, away from her alcoholic mother. Barfi has a happy reunion with Jhilmil and the two are married, while Shruti spends the rest of her days alone, regretting the loss of her chance to be with Barfi.
Several years later, Barfi is shown to be gravely ill in a hospital and is close to death. Jhilmil arrives and lies with Barfi in his hospital bed as Shruti narrates that the two died peacefully together, not wanting to leave each other behind in life or death. The film closes showing the happy days of Barfi and Jhilmil as credits roll.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins with Mahi Arora (Kareena Kapoor), a renowned actress and film heroine, being thrown out of a car at night. She hails a taxi to a police station with the intention of lodging a complaint. Before she can do so, her agent Rashid Bhai (Govind Namdeo) arrives and takes her away from the station.
Through a flashback, we are shown Mahi's relationship with well-known leading actor, Aryan (Arjun Rampal). Aryan is going through divorce proceedings with his wife, while dating Mahi. Mahi is completely in love with Aryan, and during one of their intimate moments, takes a video of them. Aryan's loyalty and priorities are split between his wife and son, his career, and Mahi. When Mahi comes to know about an intimate scene Aryan is shooting for a movie, she barges on to the set and creates a scene, which upsets Aryan. Later Mahi is mocked by Aryan's wife at a party, and they exchange heated words. While driving back from the party with Aryan, Mahi raises the topic of his wife, which results in her being thrown out of the car.
Realising her place in Aryan's life, Mahi goes into depression, putting her career in jeopardy. A friend convinced Mahi to leave the past behind her and re-enter the industry with a bang. Heeding her advice, Mahi decides to rejuvenate her career. She employs a Public Relations Offiver, Pallavi (Divya Dutta) who reinvents Mahi's image and puts her back on the front page of every newspaper and magazine. She starts a relationship with an upcoming cricketer, Angad Paul (Randeep Hooda). Their love affair begins to blossom and puts her back into the spotlight. Mahi uses Angad to get role in a big budget film. However, the lead actor manipulates the director to shoot the film in such a way, that the story becomes purely about him and an item girl. Mahi is dissatisfied despite the film being a success, and in a desperate attempt to prove her acting skills, she works in an art film for next the nine months. Angad proposes to Mahi, but she feels that presently they should concentrate on their respective careers. This causes Mahi and Angad's relationship to end. The art film never completes, and Mahi goes into depression, accompanied by heavy drinking and smoking. Since she cannot get a role in big budget productions, she decides to work on a low budget film with newcomers. Also she agrees to make an appearance at the marriage of a wealthy socialite.
Mahi meets Aryan at the wedding. Aryan seems to be apologetic to Mahi, and they decide to rekindle their affair. Aryan says that he wants her to do a big budget film with him, however, the director of the film is reluctant to cast Mahi in the role of the lead heroine as she has lost her appeal. Mahi becomes obsessed with the thought of losing the role to another heroine. She asks Pallavi to leak the sex tape of her and Aryan on the news so that she would get back on the spotlight, for the release of her low budget film. As a result of this controversy, the film becomes an instant hit.
Mahi's success and happiness is short lived. She starts questioning her career and life choices. She finally decides to leave the industry after her agent Rashid Bhai quits, and Shagufta Reza (Helen), a veteran actress who Mahi admired dearly, dies. In the concluding scenes, Mahi is shown walking alone in a foreign country, and on being asked if she is Mahi Arora, she replies "no". It is implied that she has moved on with her life and put her heroine days behind her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The insinuating cry of every man, woman and child in this village when they see Johnny Belinda (Shreyas Talpade). Afraid of everything and everyone, Johnny is one terrified soul. Born into the household of Om Puri, a local farmer and being the only son, Johnny does what he's best at to help his ailing father. Nothing, other than buying lottery tickets every week. The only thing going in his life is his love for Maria (Madhurima) the daughter of the village's biggest gunda (gangster), Paresh Rawal, and sworn enemy of Om Puri. Paresh Rawal, armed with three herculean sons, goes to all ends to make sure his daughter and Johnny never marry, until one day, hope comes in the form a silent, strong but hungry man, Nana Patekar.
One sudden day, Johnny and his family find Nana in their well. They get him out and feed dinner. Next day, Nana and Johnny go to market, where the Paresh Rawal's sons were beating Johnny. Nana saves Johnny and beats the goons in return. The friend of Johnny asks him is Nana your lost brother, Sam? With the question, Johnny gets an idea that I can pose him as my brother, include in my family and have a bodyguard for myself. Johnny convinces Nana to be his brother Sam and tells him the story of his family history. Johnny introduces Nana to his family. The family, in long wait of their lost son, accepts Nana as their lost son, Sam. Nana becomes Sam. With the help of his brother Sam, Johnny starts influencing entire village. Sam also works hard in the farm and helps family earn good livelihood. He is well accepted in the family. With the arrival of Sam, good days come to the family. One day, a person tells Johnny's friend that he has seen Nana in a Kolkatta jail, convicted of rape and murder of a woman. Johnny tries to convinces his family that Nana is not Sam but a rapist and murderer. Om Puri, father of Johnny, says Sam has told him that Sam has already told him the story of his going to jail. Johnny asks Sam to tell one thing which he has not told Sam as family history. Sam asks for a mango tree which was there. This convinces Om Puri and family that Nana is actually Sam. They in turn throw away Johnny out of home. Johnny takes a job at church and starts living as the neighbor of his father's house. He keeps looking opportunity to kill Sam, but all in vain. On the eve of Christmas, Sam sets home into fire. Everyone thinks Johnny has done the same and blame him. Johnny, disappointed with himself, writes a suicide note sitting in his hut. At that time, he sees Sam and another man enter into burnt hut. He follows them and finds that Sam and the man have dug in the home. They take out the stolen golden cross of the village church. Johnny is seen by Sam and the other man. Sam tells johnny that he had stolen it long back and hidden under the mango tree and ran away. Later in mean time, he came out of jail, the tree was cut and home was built. So to get this, he had set the home in fire. In mean, time, the other man runs away with the cross. Johnny and Sam catch him in the field. The other man confesses that he was the one who had raped and murdered the lady and told police that Sam had done it so. Sam beats the man to death. Sam injures Johnny who was trying to take the cross for church, but Sam injures him and walk with the cross. But he falls in well. Johnny, feeling grateful to Sam's earlier help, rescues him. Sam was walking with cross but johnny reminds him of the love Sam received from family. Hearing this, Sam leaves the cross there only. Johnny brings the cross to Church, but people accuse him as thief. Johnny was unable to prove his innocence. Suddenly, Sam appears and puts the dead body of the other man as thief. The village accepts this. As decided, if Johnny gets the golden cross for Church, he gets married to Maria. Johnny tells Sam that, now he is permanent member of the family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kanji Lalji Mehta (Paresh Rawal), a middle-class atheist Hindu owns a shop of Hindu idols and antiques in Mumbai. He is cursed by Siddheshwar Maharaj when he stopped his son from playing dahi handi. A low-intensity earthquake hits the city, and Kanji's shop is the only shop that is destroyed.
Next day at the insurance office, Kanji and his neighbour-assistant Mahadev learn that the disaster claim does not cover any damage caused by natural calamities classified under "Act of God". Running out of options, Kanji decides to file a lawsuit against God but fails to find a lawyer for such a lawsuit. Finally, he meets Hanif Qureshi (Om Puri) and his daughter (Puja Gupta), a poor Muslim lawyer family. Qureshi, a disabled man, helps him file the case as Kanji decides to fight on his own. Legal notices are sent to the insurance company as well as to religious priests, Siddheshwar Maharaj (Govind Namdeo), Gopi Maiyya (Poonam Jhawer) and their group's founder, Leeladhar Swamy (Mithun Chakraborty) summoning them to the court as representatives of God on earth.
During the preliminary hearing, opposition lawyer Sardesai (Mahesh Manjrekar) asks the judge to dismiss the case. But Kanji points out that religious groups claim to represent God on Earth and speak on his behalf. Hence, they are answerable for his actions. The Judge agrees and the court accepts the case. However, Kanji soon finds himself trapped amongst armed fundamentalists, with his mortgage bank occupying the house, and his wife leaving him. In all instances, Kanji is rescued by Krishna Vasudev Yadav (Akshay Kumar), who claims to be a real estate agent, rides a hot-shot motorbike. Krishna buys Kanji's house from the bank, but allows Kanji to stay with him.
The lawsuit causes a public outcry. As Kanji and Krishna watch this on TV, Krishna advises him to go to the media and present his views to the public. Kanji's interview receives wide coverage and public opinion swings in his favour. Meanwhile, hundreds of people, whose insurance claims were rejected due to "Act Of God" show up at Hanif Qureshi's house and join the lawsuit. Kanji agrees to fight on behalf of all of them. In the next court session, Catholic priests and Muslim Mullahs are also summoned to the court as defendants. However, lawyer Sardesai points out that Kanji has no document that can prove the disaster was an "Act of God". The judge orders Kanji to present a written proof that will support his claim.
Kanji loses hope, but Krishna rescues the day again by advising Kanji to read the Bhagavad Gita, and the other holy books such as The Quran and The Bible, telling him that he would find the answer of all his questions. Kanji studies the books intensively for a month. In the next session, Kanji points out a passage in the holy books which says that "This world is a creation of God, and it is his will to allow it to grow or destroy", which strengthens his case. As he nears the end of his argument, he suddenly loses consciousness. He is rushed to the hospital, where doctors unsuccessfully try to revive him, leaving him comatose. They announce to the media that Kanji has been paralyzed, and that only God can now save him. When Kanji opens his eyes, he finds Krishna in front of him. Krishna caresses the left side of Kanji's body with his key chain and Kanji is able to walk again.
Krishna then reveals to the confused Kanji that he himself is Lord Krishna, and he has saved Kanji to show him that God does exist. Kanji then learns that he has been in a coma for a month and that a lot of things have happened during the period. The lawsuit's verdict was in his favor and religious organisations were ordered by court to pay the compensation to all the plaintiffs; people have started calling Kanji a "God". Meanwhile, Leeladhar, Gopi Maiyya, and Siddheshwar have opened a temple dedicated to Kanji and accumulated millions in donations. He also learns that as per his own "will", he is about to be removed from the ventilator and thousands have gathered for his funeral procession. Krishna gives him a choice of stopping the procession or to sit back quietly. Kanji decides to fight and Krishna takes him on his motorbike to stop the procession. Kanji arrives to find his statues erected at the place where his shop once stood. He wades through the stunned crowd and breaks the statue, then admonishes the crowd about trusting in God-men. He advises them to search for God in themselves, not in statues. When the crowd's anger turns towards the collected God-men, he prevents them from further violence and tells them to allow the cheating group to leave peacefully, advising them not to believe in them anymore.
After successfully completing the job, he goes back to Krishna to thank him, only to find him and his motorcycle disappeared. Kanji's family arrive and they are reunited. On their way home, Kanji sees Krishna's key chain on the floor. When he is about to secure it inside his jacket, he hears Krishna's voice, telling him to get rid of the key chain as fear of god was what he fought against all this time. Kanji smiles and throws it away and sees it disappear into the sky with a flash.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shashi Godbole (Sridevi) is a housewife who makes and sells laddoos as a home-run business. Her husband Satish (Adil Hussain) and daughter Sapna (Navika Kotia) take her for granted, mock her poor English skills and generally treat her with disrespect, making Shashi feel negative and insecure. However, her young son, Sagar (Shivansh Kotia) loves her as she is, and her mother-in-law (Sulabha Deshpande) offers her words of sympathy.
Shashi's older sister Manu (Sujatha Kumar), who lives in New York, invites Shashi's family to her daughter Meera's (Neeju Sodhi) wedding to Kevin (Ross Nathan). It is decided that Shashi will go to New York alone to help Manu organize the wedding, and her husband and children will join her as the wedding approaches. During her flight to New York, Shashi is given inspirational advice by a fellow passenger (Amitabh Bachchan in Hindi/Ajith Kumar in Tamil). While Shashi is in New York, she has a traumatic experience at a coffee shop due to her inability to communicate in English, but is comforted by the shop's French chef Laurent (Mehdi Nebbou). Using the money she made from selling laddoos, she secretly enrolls in a conversational English class that offers to teach the language in four weeks, showing her resourcefulness at navigating an unfamiliar city alone. The class comprises: David Fischer, the instructor (Cory Hibbs); Eva, a Mexican nanny (Ruth Aguilar); Salman Khan, a Pakistani cab driver (Sumeet Vyas); Yu Son, a Chinese hairstylist (Maria Romano); Ramamurthy, a Tamil software engineer (Rajeev Ravindranathan); Udumbke, a young African-Caribbean man (Damian Thompson); and Laurent. Shashi quickly becomes a promising and committed student, earns everyone's respect with her charming behavior and her cuisine, and gains self-confidence. Laurent becomes attracted to Shashi. When he tries to kiss her at the rooftop of a building, Shashi rejects him and runs off, but fails to explain that she is married.
Meanwhile, Shashi's niece Radha (Priya Anand) who is Meera's younger sister finds out about her secret English classes and is supportive of her pursuit. Shashi starts watching English films at night and does her homework assiduously. To complete the English-speaking course and get a certificate, each student must write and deliver a 5-minute speech. Shashi's family joins her in New York earlier than planned, to surprise Shashi. Shashi tries to continue attending class, but decides to quit because of scheduling conflicts, and asks Radha to inform Fischer. The test date coincides with that of the wedding, and Shashi is forced to miss the test.
Radha invites Fischer and the entire class to the wedding, where Satish is taken aback at being introduced to a diverse group of people by his wife. Shashi gives a touching and enlightening toast to the married couple in English, surprising everyone who knew her as a typical, conservative, Indian housewife. In her speech, Shashi extols the virtues being married and having a family, describing the family as a safe space of love and respect where weaknesses are not mocked. Satish and Sapna regret treating her with disrespect. Fischer declares that she has passed the course with distinction and issues her the certificate. Shashi thanks Laurent for "making her feel better about herself". Shashi's family return to India; during their flight home, Shashi asks the flight attendant in fluent English whether she has any Hindi newspapers.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Film is set in one winter night in Delhi where a middle class, Delhi university guy falls in love with a girl anchoring a fashion show. In process of wooing her someone plants a sting operation tape in his pocket. This sting operation has a minister talking of buying and selling MLAs and media heads from his Swiss bank accounts. Unknown to this he is chased by corrupt cops and good guys to get that tape back. Soon he gets to know of tape with him and its high relevance. How this university student who always talked against corruption like any layman, now gets bribed himself by the big offer thrown by Minster's man constitutes the edge of the seat climax of story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about a Marathi girl Meenakshi (Rani Mukerji) falling in love with a Tamil artist Surya (Prithviraj Sukumaran). She is a librarian at a college. She has five members in her family (including herself): A wheelchair ridden grandmother (Jyoti Subhash) who is blind and has gold teeth, her father who smokes four cigarettes together, her mother (Nirmiti Sawant) who is obsessed with Meenakshi's marriage, and her brother Nana (Amey Wagh) whose only love in life is dogs. To escape the craziness of her family, Meenakshi lives her life in dreams, and in her dreams the only thing she's doing is dancing and enacting her favourite actresses, Madhuri Dixit, Sridevi, Juhi Chawla etc. Her colleague Maina, nicknamed "Gaga Bai" (Anita Date), is an eccentric woman who dresses up in weird ensembles inspired by pop star Lady Gaga. Meenakshi's family is looking for a suitable groom but Meenakshi, who doesn't believe in arranged marriages, is waiting for her prince and wants her dream wedding. That's when Surya (Prithviraj) enters. Surya is an art student, and the moment Meenakshi looks at him she falls in love with his tanned skin and a mysterious fragrance emanating from him. By this time her family has found the 'right guy' Maadhav (Subodh Bhave) for her, and are rushing with her wedding. The rest of the film involves Madhav running around after Meenakshi, and Meenakshi following Surya. Nana gets engaged to Maina under bizarre circumstances when Meenakshi goes missing on her engagement date when she actually was following Surya and ends up in his incense sticks factory. Meenakshi learns that Surya's fragrance, that she got enthralled to, was actually because of his involvement in the factory. In the end, Meenakshi eventually succeeds in winning over Surya's heart and they get engaged in a traditional Maharashtrian ceremony.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is set against the backdrop of a little-known saga in 1930s British colonial India (now Bangladesh) where a group of schoolboys and young women, led by a schoolteacher Masterda Surya Sen (Manoj Bajpayee), dared to take on the Empire. Chittagong is the story of a diffident 14-year-old boy, Jhunku (Delzad Hiwale). Swept up into this seemingly impossible mission, the reluctant teenager battles with self-doubts to achieve an improbable triumph.
Jhunku, now a 23-year-old youth, is being chased by the Bengal police. He hides himself in a bunker with his childhood friend Aparna (Apu/Opu). While hiding, he begins to reflect on his past hopes and dreams. The story goes to a flashback to narrate the events that happened 10 years ago.
In 1930, Surya Sen and his followers are protesting the death of the revolutionary Jatin Das. Jhunku is not allowed to join them by his lawyer father who wants him to study in England. Apart from fearing his father, Jhunku is also torn between his admiration and respect for the magistrate, Wilkinson and his wife, who show great likings for him and his fascination for the charismatic figure of Masterda, who is followed and revered by most of his friends. Jhunku, due to his faith in Wilkinson who is personally against torturing revolutionaries, has great belief in British justice and believes that by getting an English education he might better equip himself to free his country. This causes arguments between him and his friends, especially Aparna. Wilkinson is opposed by the police inspector Major Johnson who defies his orders and arrests the protesters, and badly tortures Masterda.
In protest, some students hit the strict police officer Maj. Johnson (Alexx O'Nell) by spilling oil under his motorbike, making him fall. Enraged, Johnson makes random enquiries about the culprits but are unsuccessful. However, Wilkinson manages to confirm the truth out of Jhunku, and an enraged Johnson then shoots Sukhen (Shaheb Bhattacharya), one of the boys involved. This incident makes Jhunku an outcast amongst his friends, and he becomes determined to avenge the death of Sukhen. Soon afterwards, Johnson is made the DIG of police although Wilkinson had requested his transfer. This incident further shocks Jhunku. All his faith on his tutor Sir Wilkinson is lost, and he joins Masterda's army.
Masteraa and his comrades Nirmal Sen (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), Loknath Bal (Rajkummar Rao), Ambika Chakraborthy and Ananta Ghosh (Jaideep Ahlawat) train the 50-odd students and plan to capture the town of Chittagong on 18 April 1930 by disconnecting all modes of communication. As per plan, the armoury of the police is captured by a group of revolutionaries led by Ganesh Ghosh and revolutionaries, led by Lokenath Baul takes over the Auxiliary Force armoury. Unfortunately the machine guns are not located. The revolutionaries also dislocate telephone and telegraph communications and disrupt the movement of the trains. After the successful raids, all the revolutionary groups gathered outside the police armoury where Surya Sen takes a military salute, hoisting the national flag and proclaims a provisional revolutionary government. The whole town is overjoyed at the success of Indian Republican Army and Chittagong is officially conquered by Surya Sen and his boys for one day. However, reinforcements from Calcutta soon set out to capture the rebels. Knowing of the army attack, the revolutionaries leave town before dawn and march towards the Jalalabad hill ranges, looking for a safe place. But the British Army's first wave is demolished by Masterda's teenagers. This enrages the British and they bring in machine guns. Harish, the younger brother of Lokenath and a friend of Jhunku, dies.
Soon after revolutionaries disperse in smaller groups, to nearby villages. Ahsanullah Khan from CID comes to Chittagong and cracks down on the revolutionaries. Jhunku is arrested and is severely beaten by Johnson and Ahsanullah during interrogation; he refuses to betray his leaders and comrades. He is sentenced to Kaala-Paani for life imprisonment. In due course, many revolutionaries and police officials are killed in the gun fights including noted revolutionary Nirmal Sen and police CID chief Ahsanullah. However, Pritilata Waddedar successfully attacks the European Club and assassinates DIG Johnson; being gravely wounded she commits suicide by swallowing cyanide.
After a prolonged search, police search and arrests Master Da Surya Sen and sentences him to death by hanging. Thus Jhunku ends narrating the part and says that he was released in 1939 and again participated in the uprisings with Aparna. In one such incident there is a plan to attack the government godowns where the Britishers and feudal landlords have kept common peasant's grain. The British block all the roads to godowns leading Jhunku to an idea to create underground dungeons till the granaries. Twenty villages join hands and operate. The last scene shows Jhunku being stopped by Maj. Wilkinson who says he is still sympathetic to Jhunku and wants him to go away else he will be bound to arrest him once again. Jhunku signals to Wilkinson that everyone is awake and shows him the mass crowd arising from the dungeons and heading towards the government granaries that forces Wilkinson to retreat. This is named the Tebagha Uprising of 1945, which marked the end of British Raj in India. The film ends with the memorable song "Ishaan."
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tarun, an architect, moves into a luxurious bungalow with his wife, Namrata, and their children, 10-year-old Taman and 6-year-old Nimmi. During an exploration of the house, Nimmi finds a doll, and includes someone named 'Shabbu' in all her activities. The family mistakes Nimmi's new doll to be Shabbu but are surprised when Nimmi points to an empty space and introduces her invisible friend as Shabbu. Her parents suspect her wild imagination as the reason for her new 'friend'.
Soon, Tarun's younger sister, Pooja, surprises the family with a visit. As Tarun, Namrata and Pooja discuss Nimmi's fixation over Shabbu, the family servant, Laxman, is sure of a spirit's presence in the house. Laxman's worries receive severe backlash from Tarun, an ardent skeptic. Soon, each night at the bungalow seems to turn for the worse, with knocks at unearthly hours, demonic sounds and eerie movements. Tarun suspects Laxman to be the mischief-maker, trying to prove his points. As Nimmi's fixation with Shabbu increases, the family decides to consult a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist explains Nimmi's imaginary friend as a result of her loneliness and terms it as a common technique used by children to grab attention.
Laxman's sudden disappearance and the increasing curiosity in Pooja to find answers for the ongoing activities make her install wireless cameras at various places in the house, which record Nimmi playing with what seems like a ghostly apparition. Tarun's mind starts reeling as he sees the captured footage; it is proof enough for the disturbed family to finally decide to leave the house. But the house has other plans: Nimmi is found missing the next morning. The police are called in to investigate but they consider the family delusional and do not take much interest in the matter.
Tarun receives a mysterious phone call, Nimmi's voice from the upper floor, after which they find Laxman murdered. The house seems to be on lock-down and the phones jammed. Taman is mysteriously killed. Nimmi appears possessed by the spirit and tries to kill both her parents, until she's finally burned and defeated with Pooja's help, as the remaining family flee, bloody and injured. Nimmi comes out from the building in low angle, then introduces herself as Shabbu to the neighborhood children.
It is inspired from Paranormal Activity.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Former principal Dean Yogendra Vashisht (Rishi Kapoor) has aged and fallen ill. He desires to see the students from his last batch, who were part of the "Student of the Year" competition. Some former students arrive to the hospital to meet the Dean and talk about their regrets from ten years ago in college. They hold themselves responsible for the lively Dean having falling ill. The film then goes into a flashback set ten years back at the college.
The richest and most popular guy in the college, Rohan Nanda (Varun Dhawan), is the son of a huge business tycoon (Ram Kapoor). His father wants him to be a businessman like him and disagrees with his passion for music. Shanaya Singhania (Alia Bhatt),a fashion addict and the most popular girl in the campus is Rohan's girlfriend. She is unsatisfied with her family, as her mother constantly divorces and marries rich men. Shanaya gets upset with Rohan's regular flirting with Tanya (Sana Saeed), another student. Abhimanyu Singh (Sidharth Malhotra) arrives at the college and becomes the classy new heartthrob. Abhi becomes the most popular guy in the college. He plays the role of the perfect student and a perfect man. He is an orphan from a middle-class family, and lives with his aunt, uncle and grandmothers. His dream is to become a big business tycoon like Rohan's father. Rohan and Abhimanyu argue at first but soon become best friends. Rohan introduces Shanaya to Abhimanyu, warning Abhimanyu not to get involved with her romantically.
Abhimanyu is invited to Rohan's elder brother's destination wedding in Thailand, which Shanaya and other rich family friends are attending as well. In Thailand, Shanaya sees Tanya and Rohan flirting again and gets even more upset when Rohan is rude to her and sides with Tanya. Abhimanyu tells her that they can teach Rohan to respect his girlfriend. At a party, Shanaya openly flirts with Abhimanyu, attempting to make Rohan jealous. The plan works but Rohan discovers she did this to get him back on track.
On the wedding day, Rohan apologizes to her and is easily forgiven while Abhimanyu realizes that he is in love with Shanaya. They head back to India, where the "Student Of The Year" competition, which determines the best student with good logical thinking and is a good sportsperson, commences. The first round is the treasure hunt. Abhimanyu and Shanaya's team wins in the though Rohan's team also qualifies. Abhimanyu's grandmother falls sick and eventually dies. Shanaya stands by him during this difficult time. Upset, Abhimanyu sends Shanaya away, but she, now also attracted to him, stays back and they happen to kiss. Rohan sees this and is heartbroken, becoming enemies and fighting with Abhimanyu.
In the second round, the Prom, a confused Shanaya picks Rohan's friend Jeet as her partner as she can't choose between Abhimanyu and Rohan. Rohan goes with Tanya and Abhimanyu with Shanaya's ex best friend Shruti (they had had a big fight). Shanaya is disqualified for leaving the dance before it ends. The last round of the competition is a triathlon. Abhimanyu is winning but sees how Rohan's father doesn't want Rohan to win. He intentionally slows down and lets Rohan win.
In the present, Rohan is a pop star but single. Abhimanyu and Shanaya are now married. They all see each other after coming to meet their principal, Abhimanyu and Rohan have a fight and let out everything they were holding back for ten years. They then unite after Rohan discovers the truth about the triathlon. They realise how important friendship is.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Delhi Safari is the story of a journey undertaken by a leopard cub, his mother, a monkey, a bear and a parrot when the forest they live in is on the verge of destruction. Builders have encroached upon their forest and the animals decide to go to Delhi and protest in front of the parliament and ask the parliament some very simple yet pertinent questions they were thinking of– why has man become the most dangerous animal? Doesn't man understand that if the forests and the animals don't co-exist with humans, the balance of the ecosystem will be endangered?
The film starts with Yuvraj (or 'Yuvi', for short) (Tara Strong in the English Version, and Swini Khara in the Original Hindi Version) saying that he lost his father, Sultan (Sunil Shetty) in the morning, but doesn't want to lose his home at any cost. The film carries a flashback of the morning with Yuvi and Sultan playing in the forest and Sultan teaching self defence to yuvi while his mother, Begum (Urmila Matondkar) enters. The two mock her for her too much caring attitude towards son that gets Begum angry and she goes. Soon, Begum forgives Sultan and Yuvraj (following a song- her one weakness). However, while coming back, a whole pack of bulldozers come from nowhere and proceed to demolish the surrounding jungle. Begum manages to escape, but Yuvi and Sultan are trapped.The two try to protest bulldozers but land at a site in the forest where they see all the trees missing. In a bid to save Yuvi, Sultan catches Yuvi in his mouth and tosses him to Begum. However, he himself is killed by a human wielding a shotgun, making the whole forest a large enemy of the humans. A talk happens with attendants of all the animals in the area. Many believe that leaving their homes is the only way to survive; however, Bajrangi, a monkey (Govinda), says that he would beat out the wits of those men with his so called vanar sena -Marela (Sanjai Mishra) and Bharela (Saurabh Shukla),but Bagga the bear (Boman Irani) advices him to talk to humans and Bajrangi asks whether anyone knows anyone who knows language of humans. A white bird Hawa Hawaai(Deepak Dobriyal) pipes up, saying he knows someone who knows both animal and hnuman languages. Yuvi meets the white bird the next day, and asks who is the one he said about. The white bird says the animal he spoke of is Alex (Akshaye Khanna), a parrot who lives with a director, Vikram Khosla. Bajrangi, his "army" of two monkeys, Hawa Hawaai, Bagga and Yuvi go and kidnap the parrot and convince him to go to Delhi with them to talk to the parliament and save their land. Initially refusing Alex agrees to go to Delhi.Begum,Bagga,Bajrangi and his army board a train to Delhi from Mumbai. After some time Yuvi joins them and Alex refuses to continue until Bajrangi drops his weapons,which he reluctantly does after Bagga hangs him upside down.They then reach Gujarat with guidance of road from Raju a bat.In Gujarat they meet flemingos and a couple who give them shelter in their homes.One of the flemingo strictly advices them not to cross the banyan tree to avoid the wolf Kaalia (Prem Chopra) and his gang.But Bajrangi goes there and ties Alex using a rope for Kaalia to kill him and no one can doubt him. Yuvi spots Bajrangi and confronts him but they are spotted by Kaalia. Begum arrives in time to save them. After this incident Alex pretends to have lost his voice. The animals consult a doctor Jadibuti Baba a turtle who advices some ayurvedic medicines of sandalwood,rose,guava to recover Alex's voice. Bajrangi wholeheartedly does the hard work, sometimes himself getting injured. One day he gets to know Alex was just pretending and chases him leading him to hit a beehive. All the animals run with bees chasing them. A thrilling experience of trains follows after which Bajrangi tells Alex how guilty he feels of thinking to kill him. Alex also realizes how selfish he was and decides to help animals to help them to justice. Begum tells that no one is going to Delhi after listening to a tiger's story of how he only survived death at a human's hands by being a coward and forsaking his old ways; thankfully, following a pep talk and seeing Sultan's spirit and Yuvi who inspires them, Begum changes her mind and with renewed hope, proceeds to Delhi. They finally reach Delhi and tell their message through Alex to the Prime Minister of the country that they want peace between humans and animals and how this young little cub Yuvi inspired all of them to go to Delhi despite all the incidents. In the last scene, it is shown the jungle is saved courtesy of a shared land act (with the area being called the "Sanjay Gandhi National Park-Borivali") and all are happy and settled.The film ends with all animals settled in the Jungle with Yuvi seeing his father's spirit and Begum together happy and Yuvi smiling.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around Rajveer (Jackky Bhagnani), a hard-working, rich youngster who is the heir of his father, Yashvardhan Grewal (Darshan Jariwala), and his company, Grewal Motors Co. When Rajveer falls in love with Madhuri (Nidhi Subbaiah), he realises that she hates all rich people, and has much sympathy for poor families. Therefore, Rajveer starts a drama, in which he pretends to be poor along with his family to gain Madhuri's love. However, when Madhuri's elder brother Karan Singh Chauhan (Arjun Rampal), arrives to meet Rajveer's family, he begins to suspect him, and as the truth slowly foils out, mayhem strikes!
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows media, politics, crime and sex at the point of life and death. Samar Grover (Emraan Hashmi) is a struggling news reporter. Even though his talk show is at the pinnacle of success, his personal life has turned upside down due to problems with his wife (Sagarika Ghatge). Seeing no way out, he accepts an assignment offered by a dynamic media tycoon named Lisa (Neha Dhupia), which he believes can make him millions. However, along with Lisa, one of India's most richest man, Roger Khanna (Aditya Pancholi), together play a game on Samar, which plunges him into a vortex of violence in a deadly game of cat and mouse. Beneath the veneer of glamour, money, power and the enviable life of media, lays a truth that is at once unbelievable and shocking.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Omi Khurana’s London dream has just ended. On the run from a dangerous UK gangster who he owes money to, Omi returns to his native village in Punjab, pretending to be a well-heeled London lawyer. Much has changed since Omi ran away from home a decade back after stealing money from his doting grandfather, Daarji. The old man has since become senile and most importantly, forgotten the secret recipe of "Chicken Khurana" a dish that made the Khurana dhaba (restaurant) famous across Punjab. Omi’s childhood sweetheart, Harman is soon to be married to his cousin, Jeet, though neither seems too happy about it. Adding to the quirkiness of the Khurana family is a free loader uncle, Titu, who once did a stint at a mental asylum. Omi's grandfaher has a cousin sister who ran away from home at early age and is now a saint. His grand father dies on his last visit to his restaurant. Omi tries to restore their family restaurant with the help of Harman. While working on restaurant both of them reconcile and start to have feelings for each other. Meanwhile, Omi discovers the secret ingredient from his grandfathers famous chicken recipe was a narcotic herbal medicine but keeps it a secret forever. While the family comes together, Jeet surprises everybody by revealing his love for a Bengali war-widow Shama and has a daughter with her. Omi and Harman's marriage is fixed. In the end the whole family seems happy and celebrating when the gangster from whom Omi is hiding comes looking for him and is revealed to be Titu's long lost friend.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Samar Anand (Shahrukh Khan), a major in the Indian Army, defuses a bomb in Ladakh without any fear or regard for his safety. He saves Akira Rai (Anushka Sharma), a Discovery Channel filmmaker, after she dives into a freezing river on a dare drowning. Samar gives her his jacket and leaves without taking it back. Akira finds his diary in the pocket and begins reading it.
The diary recounts Samar's earlier years as a struggling immigrant in London, working as a busker who also performs other odd jobs to support himself and his roommate Zain. One day, he sees Meera Thapar (Katrina Kaif) outside the church and is smitten by her. He is working part-time as a waiter when he meets Meera again with her fiance Roger at their engagement party. He is disheartened by this. Meera grew up motherless in an affluent Indian family. Her mother (Neetu Singh) left her family for another man (Rishi Kapoor) when Meera was twelve, which left her father (Anupam Kher) as the dominant parental figure. She works for his company. Meera approaches Samar to teach her a Punjabi song for her father's 50th birthday and in return, Samar asks Meera to give him language lessons to improve his English for one month to which they both agree.
Samar notices that Meera often prays at church. After a night of wild street dancing, they begin to fall in love. Samar helps Meera face her past, taking her to visit her estranged mother and foster reconciliation. Meera decides to confess to her father about Samar and break her engagement, but when Samar has a motorbike accident, Meera, believing she is the cause of his bad luck, prays to God to save his life, swearing never to see him again. Samar recovers and Meera reveals the vow she made. Angry, he leaves her and London altogether, challenging God to keep him alive as he risks his life everyday. He believes his death is the only way to make Meera lose her faith in God. He goes to India and enlists in the army, becoming a bomb-disposal expert.
When Akira finishes the diary in tears, she obtains permission to make a documentary about bomb-disposal squads. She asks Samar for help to make her film and develops a friendship with him and his team. She falls in love with Samar but he does not reciprocate her feelings because of his unresolved passion for Meera. Akira makes a successful film and prepares to leave for London. She wants Samar to come along to help her publicize the documentary. After he reluctantly agrees to come to London, he is struck by a car.
Samar is diagnosed with retrograde amnesia, and remembers only the events before his first accident a decade ago back in 2002. Concerned, Akira tracks Meera down and persuades her to help in Samar's recovery. She agrees, pretending that she and Samar are married. In the meantime, Akira realises that Major Samar is only a fragment of the young Samar; he used to be happy and sociable, but is now a bitter and lonely man. One day, Samar finds a bomb planted in the London Underground, and defuses it almost dazedly. The event jogs his memory, and he realises that Meera is lying to him. He confronts Meera at the church where she often prayed ,with a choice: to either be with him honestly, or to see him keep risking his life until he dies. Meera is unable to answer; heartbroken she o went , Samar leaves for Kashmir. During a conversation with Akira, Meera realises that her beliefs and prayers subjected Samar to a fate worse than death; realising her mistake, she goes to Kashmir. At the same time Akira shares her story about Samar in London as he defuses his last bomb, and then proposes to Meera.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around two families, whose patriarchs killed each other many years ago. Their respective sons, Jaswinder Randhawa and Balwinder Sandhu, are sworn enemies. Jaswinder has been in hiding in London, whereas Balwinder is waiting for his return in Punjab so he can avenge the death of his father.
In the present day, Jassi Randhawa (Ajay Devgan) is an unemployed good-for-nothing man who receives a letter from the Punjab government about buying his property in Punjab. To sell the property, Jassi leaves for Punjab. On the train, he meets and falls in love with Sukhmeet (Sonakshi Sinha). In Punjab, Jassi accidentally meets Billu (Sanjay Dutt) and, seeing he is new to the area, Billu invites Jassi to his home, where he treats Jassi like a god. There, Jassi realises that Billu is Sukhmeet's brother. Soon enough, it is revealed that Billu is Balwinder Singh and Jassi is short for Jaswinder. However, Billu's family has to follow one Punjabi rule: A guest in the house should never be harmed. Now, Billu must wait for Jassi to leave the house to kill him. Jassi learns about it and comes up with a hilarious plan to foil Billu's shenanigans.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Late at night on a deserted road, well-known actor Armaan Kapoor (Vivan Bhatena) loses control of his car for no evident reason, apparently trying to avoid something, and drives into the sea. Inspector Surjan Shekhawat (Aamir Khan) with his assistant Devrath Kulkarni (Rajkummar Rao) begins an investigation into Armaan's death. Surjan's personal life is in turmoil since his 8-year-old son, Karan, drowned recently during a family outing. His wife, Roshni (Rani Mukerji), is still grieving and Surjan has developed a guilt complex.
Surjan learns that on the night of Armaan's accident, Armaan was travelling with 2 million rupees in cash, which is missing from the car. Armaan had given the money to a blackmailer, a pimp named Shashi (Subrat Dutta). Three years back, Shashi had performed a cover-up for Armaan and his friend Sanjay Kejriwal (Suhas Ahuja). Once he learns of Armaan's death, Shashi takes off with the cash, leaving behind a mistress, Mallika (Aditi Vasudev). Shashi's friend, Tehmur (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), steals Shashi's discarded sim card. Shashi begins blackmailing Sanjay. In panic, Sanjay employs some thugs to murder Shashi. Tehmur begins to use Shashi's old sim card to blackmail Sanjay with Shashi's murder.
Meanwhile, Roshni seeks solace from a medium (Shernaz Patel) who is in touch with Karan's soul. One night, Surjan is propositioned by an escort, Rosie (Kareena Kapoor). He declines Rosie's advances but asks her if she can become an informer. Through Rosie, Surjan finds out about Shashi's connection with the case. The police find Shashi's body, along with the blackmail money and a DVD. The DVD contains embarrassing CCTV footage of Armaan and his friends leaving a hotel with a girl. Convinced of Armaan's link with prostitutes, Surjan focuses his search on the slums near the Hotel Lido. To speak unobserved, Rosie takes Surjan to a quiet place by the riverside and tells him that three years ago, she was picked up by Armaan and his friends, Sanjay and Nikhil (Prashant Prakash). However, she doesn't reveal anything more. Surjan tries to approach Nikhil for more information but discovers that Nikhil has been brain-dead after the incident three years ago. After a heated argument with Roshni, Surjan confides in Rosie, who comforts him by taking him to the Lido.
Tehmur is killed by the two thugs in Sanjay's employ. One of the thugs is captured by the police and reveals that Sanjay has been behind the murders of both Shashi and Tehmur. Surjan arrests Sanjay, who confesses that three years ago, Sanjay, Armaan and Nikhil had picked up an escort to celebrate Nikhil's birthday. While driving, Nikhil began making out with the girl in the backseat. The car door opened by accident, throwing both Nikhil and the girl from the moving car to the road. Both were badly injured. Armaan and Sanjay rushed Nikhil to the hospital but fearing scandal, left the girl unattended on the road. Sanjay had called Shashi to ask him to take care of her. However, Shashi informed them that the girl had died and that he had footage of the three leaving with her. Since then, Shashi had continued to extort money from them by blackmail.
Surjan re-watches the footage and realizes that the girl is Rosie. As he drives Sanjay to the police station, they approach the same road where Armaan had his car accident. Both Surjan and Sanjay see Rosie standing ahead. In a re-enactment of Armaan's accident, Sanjay swerves the car into the sea. With Sanjay already dead, Surjan struggles to get himself out of the car. Rosie appears underwater and saves him. At the police station, Surjan's superior advises him against reporting his incredible story. Surjan agrees to write in the official report that Armaan Kapoor's death was an accident. He returns to the riverside place where he used to meet Rosie and uncovers her remains where Shashi had hidden her body. Remembering that he had been told that "the dead come to those who are troubled," he gives her a proper funeral.
Now more accepting of the supernatural, Surjan finds a letter from Karan, penned by the medium. Through the letter, Karan tells Surjan not to blame himself for his death and that he wants both his parents to be happy. Surjan cries and Roshni consoles him. The two are reconciled.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In Mumbai, Champak Lal (Manoj Joshi) is a successful match-maker and wedding organizer. But his business starts going downhill when his son, Mansukh (Himesh Reshammiya), joins him. After destroying many weddings unintentionally, Mansukh is thrown out of the house by his father. A depressed Mansukh pays a visit to his friend Jeevanlal Praanlal D'costa (Sanjai Mishra), who advises him to stop drinking, but Mansukh doesn't listen. So Jeevanlal snatches the bottle but in the process, the bottle crashes into the windshield of a car, due to which the car crashes into a tree and stops.
The car was being driven by Indu (Asin), who intentionally scares her grooms away by taking them for a dangerous long drive, the same trick she was using when her car crashed into the tree. Indu turns out to be the sister of an underworld don TT, i.e. Tatya Tukaram Tendulkar (Mithun Chakraborty), who wants to get her married to a decent family. TT's goons abduct Mansukh and Jeevanlal due to the incident. On learning that Mansukh is a match-maker, TT assigns him the task of finding a good groom for Indu, in return for letting Mansukh live. Jeevanlal is sure that they're going to die, but Mansukh claims that he knows a perfect groom for her.
This groom is none other than Bahattar Singh (Akshay Kumar), aka Khiladi 786, a police officer from a small village Taasi in Punjab., who never lets goons get away. His family consists of his father Sattar Singh (Raj Babbar), Sattar's younger brother Ikhattar Singh (Mukesh Rishi), and their wives [Sattar, Ikhattar, Bhattar, and Chauhattar mean 70, 71, 72 and 74]. It is mentioned that Bahattar's brother Tehattar (73) was lost as a child. Even Bahattar has had tough luck in finding a bride. But there's one thing Mansukh doesn't know; Bahattar and his family just pretend to be cops and wear fake uniforms. When Mansukh comes to their doorstep with an alliance for Bahattar, he lies to them by saying that TT is a police commissioner, due to which Bahattar and his family are forced to carry on their police act.
On reaching Mumbai, two families in the same house pretend that they are from the Police. Bahattar is constantly trying to woo Indu, but she's having none of it, since she already has a boyfriend named Azad Reddy (Rahul Singh). Azad is in jail, and whenever he is released, he performs some stupid act due to which he is put back in jail. On learning about Azad, Bahattar helps Indu break him out of jail. Due to this act, Indu realises that Bahattar is a nice person and develops and affection for him. After reuniting Azad and Indu, Indu and Bahattar are saying goodbye to one another, when they learn that the other's family are not cops. Azad interferes and talks rudely to Indu and tries to slap her, but is stopped, slapped and pushed away by Bahattar. Indu now realises that Bahattar is a better person to get married to, and holds his hand and walks home.
Now Indu and Bahattar tell Mansukh, who has by now already learnt the truth about the families, to continue the act and not let each family know the truth about the other. But sadly on the wedding day, they learn the truth. Immediately, Azad and his goons abduct Indu. Bahattar and TT fight them and rescue Indu. TT realises that Bahttar is the perfect man for her and blesses their alliance. To top the happiness, Tehattar Singh (Akshay Kumar) arrives, who is now a real police officer in Mumbai, and thus the family is reunited.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A guy falls in love blindly with a young beautiful girl. This blind love leads him into deep trouble, and further separates him from other people like one man versus the entire world. In these dark situations, where one surely gives up on everything, he doesn't, and thus keeps on believing and trusting on his blind love, which eventually shows him all the ways to be out from all the difficulties.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story carries on from the previous film— Inspector Chulbul Pandey (Salman Khan)— in charge of a local police station in Kanpur and resides there with his wife Rajjo (Sonakshi Sinha), brother Makkhi (Arbaaz Khan) and stepfather (Vinod Khanna). A boy gets kidnapped from a school therefore Chulbul deals with the problem. In Kanpur, an assassin murders a witness who is about to testify against a dreaded don. Chulbul tracks the assassin down, killing him at a coffeehouse. The don is Bachcha (Prakash Raj), a struggling politician. After several public altercations, Bachcha's brother Genda (Deepak Dobriyal) convinces him to get rid of Pandey, threatening Chulbul's stepfather to kill his entire family if Chulbul keeps on interfering in Bachcha's criminal activities.
Genda harasses a girl, arriving at her wedding to kidnap her. Chulbul arrives at the wedding and asks Genda to leave. Genda refuses to comply and continues to insult Chulbul. Chulbul breaks his neck, leading to his death. In the meantime his wife becomes pregnant, Pandey being advised by everybody to leave Bachcha alone for the sake of his family's safety. Bachcha, promising to avenge his brother's death, decides to do so before the election. He meets Rajjo and Makkhi whilst they are exiting from a temple where Makkhi is shot by Bachcha and Rajjo is pushed off the temple stairs. However both of them survive with Rajjo having a miscarriage and a head injury.
Chulbul is enraged at the loss of his first child. He enters Bachcha's location and kills all of his men. He tries to arrest Bachcha, but when Bachcha tries to tease him, he kills him instantly by grabbing a gun and shooting him with 2 bullets in the chest. Later, Chulbul and Rajjo have their first child, a baby boy. Right at the end, Chedi Singh's photographer (from the first film, Dabangg) arrives asking for a family photo. They all laugh and the photographer takes the picture.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vivaan (Rajeev Khandelwal) and Siya Agasthi (Tina Desai) strive to make ends meet. The couple wins a trip to the beautiful island nation of Fiji in a lucky draw; the holiday is fully sponsored, with luxurious hotel accommodation and fine dinners. The duo fly to Fiji to celebrate their wedding anniversary and encounter the charming Mr. Khan (Paresh Rawal) at the resort. Mr Khan invites the couple to participate in a live game show called Table 21. He tells them that the winner of the game bags a staggering amount of ₹210 million as prize money. He outlines the rules: eight personal questions are asked, which must be answered truthfully, and following this, one must complete a task related to the question. The couple decides to enter the game show. At first, the questions seem easy, but as the game progresses, the tasks become increasingly horrific. his time at college. Vivaan's final assignment is to murder an individual. He is led to a room, wherein he is to face his target. When he sees the person he must kill, he recognises him from his past. A flashback shows Vivaan and his friends ragging a boy, the target, named Akram (Dhruv Ganesh). The severe bullying made Akram mentally challenged. Back in the present, it is revealed that Akram is Mr. Khan's son, and that Mr. Khan's intention was to exact revenge and show Vivaan and Siya the damage inflicted on Akram by their actions. Mr. Khan tells them that they are free to go but their sins will follow them everywhere. The movie ends as Vivaan and Siya are still shocked - crying and regretting their choices. The end credits show upsetting cases of ragging.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around Preeti (Ragini Nandwani),the daughter of a local politician of Dehradun, who is in love with Anshul (Rohit Bakshi), the son of a retired IAS officer. Anshul has a younger brother Aakash (Adhyayan Suman), who is very attached to Anshul. However, Preeti's brothers Vishesh (Vishal Bhonsle) and Akhilesh(Manoj Harsh) disapprove of her love with Anshul, the son of an ordinary person. Due to their social status and clout, they threaten Anshul to stop the affair. Anshul does not pay heed and carries on with Preeti. The brothers hatch a plan and eliminate Anshul one night after a party. The heartbroken parents of Anshul and Aakash engage a lawyer and pay hefty fees but, due to lack of witnesses, they stand to lose the case. The police is also not helpful in the case. Due to the political pressure of Vishesh's father, who is a MLA, no witness is ready to testify before the police or in the court and the case is made of accident rather than deliberate cold blooded murder. Aakash's father dies in grief due to the hopeless situation but Aakash decides to stand by his mother Neelima Sharma (Rati Agnihotri) and fight for justice. When their previous lawyer leaves their case, another lawyer Dipali Sinha (Ashwini Kalsekar) takes up the case as a challenge. The case drags on for 8 long years. In the meantime, Preeti's father becomes MP from MLA and their clout increases. Fearing trouble, Preeti, who is heart-broken after Anshul's death, is sent away to London by her parents so that she cannot break down and testify against her brothers in the court. Aakash gets this information and visits London to meet her but is denied meeting her by her custodians. He returns back and informs Dipali, who tells the judge that she is a key witness and is required to be examined. On her request, the judge allows her to speak to Preeti by ISD call from the court. Dipali demands that Preeti be summoned before the court to which the judge agrees and orders that her visa be withdrawn and she be presented before the court for hearing. Preeti arrives home but is cautioned by her mother Mrs Thakur (Neelima Azeem) not to bring down the reputation and social status of the family and that she was going to contest the Assembly elections . Preeti is also pressurized by her family not to testify against her brothers and inform the court that she did not love Anshul. Under tremendous mental pressure, she testifies so before the judge. Dipali produces several cards and gifts given by Preeti to Anshul and compels her to admit that they were given by her only. Preeti agrees and finally breaks down in the court and admits her love for Anshul. After completion of the examination and cross-examination of all the witnesses and the accused, the judge pronounces his verdict holding both Vishesh and Akhilesh guilty of murder and awards them life imprisonment. The movie ends with Neelima penning down in her diary the sequential developments of the case to its conclusion. The movie encircles around the hapless parents who had lost their elder son and that of the poor girl who has to fight against her own influential family for justice in a corrupt system.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film tells the story of three individuals, Harphool Singh Mandola a.k.a. Harry (Pankaj Kapur), his daughter Bijlee Mandola (Anushka Sharma) and Hukum Singh Matru (Imran Khan) known in short as 'Matru'. Harry is a wealthy, cynical businessman who dreams of turning the Mandola village (named after his family) into a shining example of his success and a microcosm of a fledgeling economy in itself. But this dream can only be realised if the villagers agree to sell their land to the government at unfairly low rates in order for the land to be converted into a Special Economic Zone.
Among many vices, a vice relevant to the plot, is Harry's drinking. He is normally a shrewd, sophisticated and composed individual, but whenever drunk, he turns into an advocate of equality and betterment of the villagers, but regrets these thoughts when sober. When he chooses not to drink he hallucinates, as a withdrawal symptom, about a pink buffalo 'Gulabo', the mascot of the brand of alcohol he enjoys. The knowledge of these hallucinations are later used by Matru as a ploy to get Harry drunk in order to serve his own plans.
Bijlee Mandola is the only child of Harry Mandola. She lost her mother when she was young and now lives in Mandola village after having received a higher education in New Delhi and later in Oxford, England. Bijlee is now in love with Baadal (Arya Babbar), the son of politician Chaudhari Devi (Shabana Azmi) and is all set to marry him.
Chaudhari Devi is a corrupt politician who, along with her obedients, is helping Harry realise his dream. Baadal and Bijlee's union is strategically apt as it serves Harry's and Chaudhari Devi's personal goals. While Chaudhari Devi conspires to control Harry's wealth by marrying her son to his daughter, Harry seeks Chaudhari Devi's help in realising his dream in exchange for their children's marriage.
Matru is a revolutionary, fighting for the villagers' cause of not letting their land being taken away. He is educated in Law from JNU, holds a job as Harry's driver and is responsible for regulating Harry's drinking. Matru's revolutionary instincts are shown to be significantly influenced by those of Mao Tse Tung.
The film starts with a negotiation at a liquor shop set in crop laden fields, between the liquor shop owner and a heavily drunk Harry. The shop owner's rude refusal to sell alcohol to Harry due to the day being a dry day, provokes Harry to run his Limousine into the shop.
Once drunk, Harry is shown to be an entirely different individual, who wants the land of the villagers to be returned to them, Matru to marry Bijlee while himself to retire into a religious man.
The villagers, in their fight are supported and advised by Mao who regularly sends messages to the villagers, written on cloth. Later in the film it is revealed that Mao is none other than Matru who is advising the villagers without revealing himself in order to retain the key position as Harry's aide.
Bijlee's love for Baadal is depicted to be a contradiction to her subtle, probably subconscious, knowledge of Baadal's incompatibility with her. This subtle thought aggravated by Baadal's affiliation and deeds supporting his mother's corrupt cause, overpowers Bijlee's will to marry him and polarises her into helping Matru and the villagers instead. After this polarisation, seeing Chaudhari Devi and Baadal's ambitions in a new light and while helping the villagers along with Matru, Bijlee falls in love with Matru.
Although they have the help of Matru, his college friends and Bijlee, the villagers lose their entire harvest to an unexpected rain storm. This harvest, which would have fetched enough money to settle their debts to the government bank and some more for their own survival, is now completely destroyed. Thus the villagers are forced to surrender their land, against their will, to the government in order to settle their debts.
Later, discovering Bijlee's alliance with the villagers, Chaudhari Devi, now cautious, decides to finalise the decree to convert the now acquired land into an SEZ only once Bijlee and Baadal are married.
These conflicts of villagers' loss of their lands, Bijlee's marriage to Baadal, builds up the tension leading up to the wedding at the climax wherein Matru and the villagers have a plan to get Harry drunk who will then call off the wedding. This plan apparently works and Harry is shown to be drunk, succumbing to Matru and the villagers' plan. Now, while drunk, he enters the wedding venue, calls off the wedding, chases away Chaudhari Devi, Baadal and their supporters and decides to get Bijlee and Matru married. Consequently, upon refusal by Matru on the pretext that Harry will not feel the same way about him and Bijlee when sober, Harry, to everyone's surprise, reveals that since he had sworn on Bijlee to not consume even a drop of alcohol has stood by his word, in turn revealing that while he did all that he did appearing to be drunk, he was completely sober instead.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Inkaar is the love story of Maya Luthra (Chitrangada Singh) and Rahul Verma (Arjun Rampal) set against the backdrop of sexual harassment. When misunderstandings are created between the two, she files a case of sexual harassment against him. A committee is set up by the advertising agency they work in to investigate their case and find out the truth. Rahul denies that he ever had any such intentions to sexually harass Maya, but she insists that he makes her feel insecure and unsafe in her own office. The committee is unable to reach a clear conclusion as they do not know who to believe. The climax of the film brings an unexpected twist to the story, and in a final confrontation the two protagonists' love emerges victorious.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Race 2 begins with a sniper shooting out the fuel tank of a Lamborghini, causing it to burst into flames. Some time afterwards, a robbery takes place and European printing plates are stolen. Ranvir Singh (Saif Ali Khan) watches this news on TV and smiles. Ranvir goes to a casino owner, Vikram Thapar (Rajesh Khattar), claiming to have been behind the Euro printing plates robbery.
Ranvir offers Thapar €1.5 billion of counterfeit currency in exchange for €500 million real banknotes. Thapar agrees, and borrows the €500 million from ex-street fighter and billionaire gangster Armaan Malik (John Abraham), and makes the trade with Ranvir. It is then revealed that Ranvir never stole the printing plates, and was conning Thapar to get revenge for a previous matter. Now, unable to return Armaan's money, Thapar is forced to give Armaan control of five casinos that he owns in Istanbul, Turkey.
The con is revealed to be a plan that Ranvir made a week earlier with Armaan, who he was introduced to by his friend Robert "RD" D'Costa (Anil Kapoor) and his dimwitted assistant Cherry (Ameesha Patel). Ranvir essentially gives Armaan ownership of Thapar's five casinos in exchange for a 10% commission, a fraction of the true value of the casinos. Ranvir and Armaan become friends and business partners, while Ranvir begins a romance with Armaan's half sister and 50% shareholder Alina (Deepika Padukone).
At a party hosted by Armaan and Alina, Ranveer meets Armaan's girlfriend Omisha (Jacqueline Fernandez) and sees a picture of his deceased wife Sonia (Bipasha Basu) in her wallet. He begins to charm her in order to gain her confidence. Meanwhile, he brings a lucrative deal to Armaan that will make them both billions. However, Ranvir later reveals to RD that Armaan and Thapar were responsible for the death of Sonia, and his real plan is to bankrupt Armaan. Ranvir then establishes contact with Omisha, who tells him that she is Sonia's sister Tanya, and has been dating Armaan to get close enough to kill him. However, Omisha is revealed to not be Tanya after all, and actually be working with Armaan, who already knew that Ranvir was Sonia's husband.
Ranvir tells RD and Cherry that his plan is to steal the Shroud of Turin. He will steal the Shroud himself, but will tell Armaan that someone else will do it, and sell it to him for €15 billion, which is a fraction of the Shroud's true value. Ranvir then plans to steal both the Shroud and Armaan's €15 billion. However, RD, who is deathly afraid of Armaan, betrays Ranvir and tells Armaan the whole plan. Armaan introduces Ranvir to Godfather Anza and asks him to give 15 billion euros to invest in the deal but only if he wins his fight with Typhoon ,Ranvir was listening to their conversation and Alina reveals Armaan was the one who planted the bomb in her car and decides to be on Ranvirs side .Ranvir successfully steals the shroud with the help of Cherry and RD while after unsuccessful attempts Armaan wins his fight with Typhoon
After Ranvir drinks his glass clean during the celebration Armaan reveals that Alina mixed poison in Ranvir's glass. As Ranvir slowly dies, Armaan reveals that thanks to RD he knew Ranvir's plan the whole time and he was controlling the race the entire time. Alina reveals that she was never on his side because of her blood relationship with Armaan. Omisha drives back with the money and reveals to Ranvir that she was also on Armaan's side and she is not Sonia's sister. After Ranvir dies, RD and Cherry leave after getting 10% of the money from Armaan. Alina leaves to get the private jet ready, while Armaan and Omisha retrieve what they believe to be the real shroud Shroud from Ranvir's luggage locker.
Armaan, Omisha, and Alina leave in their private jet. While in the jet, Armaan points his gun at Alina, revealing that all along he was planning to kill her and take her money. Suddenly, Ranvir crashes through the wall and reveals that Alina never poisoned his drink. Alina tells Armaan that she was on Ranvir's side ever since Armaan planted the bomb in her car. Ranveer reveals that RD never betrayed him, and that he himself told RD to inform Armaan of the real plan. This was to make Armaan think he was ahead of Ranvir. Ranvir then reveals that he had seen a picture of Sonia's sister before he even met Omisha.
Afterwards, Ranvir and Armaan have a fight in the plane being in midair. During the fight, Armaan tells Ranvir that he killed Sonia because she had betrayed him and fled with his money. As a result of the fight, a window of the plane was broken and subsequently an object damages the aircraft's propellor. Armaan gets hold of a gun and shoots the pilot and all the parachutes except one and he along with Omisha escape with it. Ranvir and Alina were left out so that they would die as a result of plane-crash but they escape using Armaan's car which opens chutes while in the air. The plane crashes on a mountain.
Armaan and Omisha goes to meet Godfather Anza and gives him the shroud, which on inspection turns out to be fake. Just then Ranvir calls Omisha and tells how after everyone left the ruins of Antalya, Alina came back to take Ranvir to the jet. Then, they reveal how Alina switched the real money with the fake money while Ranvir and Armaan were fighting in the jet. Hearing this Anza Takes everything from Armaan in return of his money, even Omisha switches sides when she sees Armaan as being penniless.
Ranvir and RD meet and Ranvir gives him his share. RD then says that he does not want to risk his life again and makes Ranvir promise to never meet him again. Ranvir shakes on the promise but then warns RD that promises are made to be broken. RD and Cherry then leave in one small aircraft, while Ranvir and Alina leave in another.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Akaash (Kartik Aaryan) is a bold and fun loving young man, while Vani (Nushrat Bharucha) is a conservative but friendly girl. They are both accepted in the same college in Dehli, and after a series of adventures, soon become friends, forming part of a group of four. Akaash and Vani eventually fall in love and embark on a four-year relationship, which is kept secret from Vani's traditional parents.
As their final year comes to an end, Akaash decides to go to the UK for his further studies. Vani returns to her home town of Dehradun to attend her sister's wedding, after which she plans to study for an M.B.A. She tells her sister about her relationship with Akaash, but her sister reacts reacts negatively, saying that their parents would not approve. The next day, amidst the wedding preparation, Vani finds out that her sister has eloped with another man, who she was in love with but was not accepted by her parents. Vani's parents are heartbroken and have to endure the shame of their neighbours and community. In the fear of society's response, they decide to get Vani married to the son of an acquaintance. Pressured by her parents and feeling guilt over her sister's actions, Vani reluctantly agrees. She emotionally ends things with Akaash via a phone call and requests him not to try and meet her. Akaash is devastated but slowly becomes bitter and detached with time.
Vani's husband Ravi is an arrogant, controlling man who forcefully has sex with her every night. Ravi is emotionally abusive and expects Vani to cater to his every need, but pretends to be a perfect husband in front of friends and family. He prevents her from going out, working or furthering her studies, and expects her to be a full time housewife. After an argument, Vani returns home and reveals her unhappiness to her parents. However, they send her back to Ravi after he charms them, and ask him to consider starting a family in order to occupy Vani's time. Months go by and Vani slowly begins losing self confidence and becomes resigned to her fate. One day, Vani's aunt and uncle unexpectedly come to visit her and suggest that she go back with them for several days to Dehli, in order to attend her college reunion. Ravi is unhappy but agrees, since he will also be away for some time on a business trip.
At the college, Vani reunites with her friends, who find her to be reserved and depressed. She also comes across Akaash, who is still bitter and hurt about their break up. He angrily confronts her and she runs away, deciding to return home that night. Her friends meet her at the train station and Akaash finally breaks down and cries, something which he has not allowed himself to do previously. Vani decides to stay. The group spend the week together, during which time they have fun and re-live their college memories. Vani tells Akaash the truth about her marriage but says that she cannot divorce Ravi because her parents won't be able to handle it, especially after her sister eloped. Akaash tells his friend that he hopes to reunite with Vani and plans to fill her days with adventures and happiness. He hopes that this will raise her spirits and give her the courage to leave Ravi. The group travel to Chandigarh where Akaash and Vani spend time alone together and rekindle their romance. The trip is cut short by a phone call from Vani's parents, requesting her to visit them. Conflicted, Vani chooses to return home and emotionally leaves her friends and Akaash behind.
Akaash decides that he can't lose Vani once again and the group follows Vani to her home. They stay happily with Vani's parents until Ravi arrives there, too. Akaash observes the way Vani assumes the role of a subservient wife and how she is ill-treated by her husband. That night, Vani finally realizes that she can no longer live with a man who cannot respect her. In front of Ravi and her friends, she reveals the truth to her parents about the rape and emotional abuse, and says that she wants a divorce. They are stunned and try to reason with her but she stands her ground. An argument breaks out and she slaps Ravi, after which he moves to hit her, only to be stopped by Akaash. Ravi realises that the two are in love and insults Vani's parents. Vani's parents are embarrassed but she defiantly tells them that her happiness is more important than their shame, and leave the house.
Vani returns to Delhi with her friends, where she is able to finally further her studies and get her M.B.A. degree. She happily divorces Ravi and later marries Akaash.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around the lives of three Davids in three different parts of the world in three different eras.
London, 1975: 30-year-old David (Neil Nitin Mukesh) works for Iqbal Ghani, a dreaded Mafia don who controls the London's Muslim community through his illegal activities. David is Ghani's protege who is poised to take over the empire one day as Ghani's son is a spoilt, playful brat. David is in love with Ghani's ward, Noor and promises to marry her. Things take a turn when two undercover RAW agents come to London to expose Ghani's ties to religious extremists in India. While trying to take David down, the agents reveal to him that his mother was Ghani's mistress and might have killed his father to be with him. David's loyalty towards his master is tested even more when Noor is forcefully married off to Ghani's son to hide the fact he is gay even though she is pregnant with David's son. When the RAW agents finally manage to get close to Ghani, they assassinate not only him but David as well to keep their mission a secret from the British authorities.
Mumbai, 1999: 19-year-old David (Vinay Virmani) is an amateur guitarist born into a family of lower-middle class Christians. He is a happy go lucky teenager who dreams of becoming a professional musician and sending his sisters off to Dubai to pursue their dreams. Their father, Noel, a Protestant priest rallies the locals to do charity work for those in need. A Hindu fanatic politician, Malati Tai, finds out about this and makes it appear as if David's father is converting poor people to Christianity in return for money. She attacks David's colony with the help of gangsters and humiliates Noel by blackening his face in front of the media. Traumatised by this, the priest starts to lose his mind. An angry David is then easily persuaded by a political activist to assassinate Malati at a rally to seek vengeance. However, the plan is foiled when an unknown gunman fails to assassinate Malati and instead kills the army officer standing next to her.
Goa, 2010: 30-year-old David (Vikram) is an alcoholic fisherman living in the small fishing village of Betul in Goa. He falls in love with the deaf and mute Roma (Isha Sharvani) – the only hitch is that she is engaged to be married to his best friend Peter in 10 days. When he finds out Peter does not really love her but is only marrying her for her wealthy father's boat which he will receive as dowry, David is coaxed by his friend, Frenny to stop the wedding. However, David comes to realise that his intentions might not be sincere as both his mother and the priest who tries to help him stop the wedding become involved in separate accidents and are hospitalised. On the day of the wedding, David plans to profess his love for Roma until Peter reveals that he actually sincerely loves her and was only lying that he was marrying her for the dowry out of fear he would be teased. David decides not to stop the wedding.
Gradually, it is revealed that all three Davids are connected somehow in the turn of events. In 1999, the London David's son with Noor, Iqbal, comes to Mumbai to seek revenge for his father's murder. The army officer killed at Malati Tai's rally is actually one of the corrupt RAW agents who Iqbal shoots down with intent. Witnessing the shooting makes the Mumbai David realise what he almost became had he succeeded in assassinating Malati. He then moves to Goa and becomes a priest. In 2010, he is the priest that marries off Peter to Roma. Realising that the Goan David would have spoken out against the wedding, he praises the Goan David for not doing so after the ceremony.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens in a rundown pigeon shop in New York City where an old man feeds them. He then sends one pigeon away. It flies high and lands in a skyscraper off the office window of a psychologist who is conducting a session with her client Nirupama (Pooja Kumar), a nuclear oncologist, who begins to confide that hers was a marriage of convenience that provided a safe haven for pursuing her PhD in the U.S.A. for past three years and that her husband Vishwanath alias Viz (Kamal Haasan) is a middle-aged Kathak teacher. She is also put off by Viz's effeminate bearing and is attracted to her boss, Deepankar (Samrat Chakrabarti). Doubting whether her husband has secrets of his own, she hires a private investigator to tail him to probe grounds for divorce. She learns from the private investigator that Viz is a Muslim. In a sudden turn of events, the investigator is killed in a sea-side warehouse by Farukh, a prominent member of the terrorist outfit led by Omar (Rahul Bose). A diary on him gives away Nirupama and the terror group led by Farukh nabs the couple. Deepankar is later killed by Farukh's men.
Viz surprises Nirupama by having a fight with the terrorists, kills Farukh and his men at the warehouse and escapes with Nirupama. Omar and Viz have a past, one that takes the story back to circa 2002, to the Al-Qaeda training camps in Afghanistan-Pakistan border. Viz's real name was Wisam Ahmad Kashmiri. He claims to be a Tamil Jihadi in Kashmir, wanted by the Indian Army, with a reward of ₹ 500,000 on his head. Omar accepts him into his team and drives him off to Afghanistan. Wisam becomes a trainer to the Al-Qaeda Jihadi's and also a family friend to Omar. One day, Omar tells Wisam that American prisoners of war are still alive, incarcerated and shifted each fortnight. He orders his deputy Salim (Jaideep Ahlawat) to behead the Captain and capture it on video. The next day, Salim tells Wisam that a new tall guest is expected in the town. Wisam later that night sees Osama bin Laden (Naren Weiss) greeting the Al Qaeda chieftains in a cave. Then, a joint US-led air force begins bombing raid on the town. Omar begins to doubt that there is an informer in the team but mistakenly orders lynching of an innocent man. What follows is a maze of events that go back and forth in time, unraveling a plot where in the terrorists are scraping cesium from oncological equipment to build and trigger a Dirty bomb in New York City.
Nirupama is stunned to discover the true identity of Viz, his "uncle" (Shekhar Kapur), British "friend" Dr Dawkins (Miles Anderson) and the young "dancer" Ashmita (Andrea Jeremiah). Viz later reveals that he has a lot of emotional baggage and that he had executed many terrorists including Nassar (Nassar), Omar's boss. His mission is to bust the sleeper-cell of Al Qaeda in the US, which is planning to divert the attention through "capsules" capable of emitting mild nuclear radiation tied to pigeons while enabling Abbasi, a Nigerian suicide bomber to detonate the cesium dirty bomb in the city.
Together, the Wisam team try to counter the plans of Omar. In the ensuing events, Wisam is arrested by the FBI before being rescued by his "uncle" Colonel Jagannath and Dr Dawkins is murdered by Salim while picking up a video tape from an antique shop. The FBI later releases Wisam after a call from the Indian embassy and Prime Minister of India, where the true identity of Wizam is revealed as an agent of Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), India. Wisam along with the FBI, take down Abbasi and defuse the Cesium bomb with the help of Nirupama by using a microwave oven as Faraday cage to avoid incoming calls from any mobile phone. Omar and Salim try to escape in a plane. Omar tries to activate bomb through his phone, but fails. He then calls Abbasi, but call is answered by Wisam, who tells him that Abbasi is not alive. Omar is shocked to hear this but escapes with Salim in his plane. The film ends with Wisam indicating that he would now go after Omar, alluding to a sequel set in India.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mai, a widowed mother of four, is a 65-year-old woman who lives with her only son Munna and suffers from Alzheimer's disease. When Munna gets an opportunity to move to USA for his job, he decides to admit Mai in an old age home. But Mai's eldest daughter Madhu objects to this. After the other two daughters also abandon Mai for various reasons, Madhu decides to bring Mai to her own home. Madhu's husband Subhash and teenage daughter Charu dislike this. After a series of events Madhu's family accepts Mai lovingly in their family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is set in Delhi, where a widowed mother, Leela, runs library cafe " Book a Coffee." Here she makes a new friend, a widowed photographer, Jayant 'Jazz', and soon finds their friendship growing. However, Leela's daughter Amaya, a budding writer, feels insecure about the relationship when she finds out about it. While she collaborates with Jazz on producing a coffee table book about the bazaars of Old Delhi, when her mother takes her relationship with Jazz further, she is unable to accept it. The journeys of all the principal characters and a subtle twist at the end make up the narrative of the film. ..
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story opens on 18 March 1987, where a walk-in CBI interview is taking place, held by the characters of Akshay Kumar and Anupam Kher. The film then goes into flashback.
Ajay Singh (Akshay Kumar) calls a local police station to obtain more manpower for a CBI raid. He speaks to SI Ranveer Singh (Jimmy Shergill) who agrees to send the required number of support officers. Ajay, with accomplices P.K. Sharma (Anupam Kher), Joginder (Rajesh Sharma), and Iqbal (Kishor Kadam), meet the support officers and conduct the raid.
Following the successful raid at a minister's house, it's revealed that Ajay and Sharma are fake CBI officers, along with their two accomplices. They then move to different parts of the country where they belong to and merge into their everyday lifestyles. Ajay's love interest, Priya (Kajal Aggarwal), an about-to-be-married teacher, is introduced here. The crew meets again in Chandigarh at the behest of Sharma for his daughter's wedding.
Ranveer with his senior officer meet the minister of the earlier raid, who reveals that he doesn't want the news to appear in the public domain because he wants to protect his image. The senior officer suspends Ranveer with his colleague Shanti (Divya Dutta) for being irresponsible.
CBI officer Waseem Khan (Manoj Bajpayee) lives with his wife (Neetu Singh) and child in New Delhi. He apprehends a criminal named Gupta, which gives an insight into his character. A disgraced Ranveer meets Khan, and they join hands to apprehend Ajay and his fellow criminals.
Meanwhile, the next raid planned by Ajay is conducted on a traders' business in Bara Bazar in Kolkata posing as officers from the Income Tax Department. Following the more difficult but successful raid, Khan insists that this should be reported in the newspaper, despite nobody coming forward to report it themselves, as black money is involved. Upon seeing this in the newspaper, Ajay and Sharma decide to conduct their "big job," a final raid in Mumbai.
After the second income tax raid, the story briefly focuses on Ajay and Priya, with the latter's marriage being planned. She insists to go with Ajay for the final job, but he tells her to meet him at the airport at 4 pm on the day.
Meanwhile, Ranveer finds information about Sharma, and Khan orders wire-tapping his phone. When Sharma is talking to Ajay on the phone, Khan procures several details about them, including the names Joginder, Iqbal and 'Ajju' (Ajay's nickname). As a result, under Khan's orders, officers track the crew to Mumbai to a hotel where they're staying. They plan to raid and hence rob a big jewellery store.
Ajay, followed by a CBI officer, goes to a newspaper to advertise for "50 dynamic graduates" with details of an interview. Khan embeds his officers among the candidates and they are selected. Khan finds out the details of the training process, which includes a mock raid. It is stated that, on the day, the candidates will be trained and then led out for the mock raid in the afternoon. However, no details about the raid have come to light.
To find out more, Khan and Ranveer go to the hotel and force their way into Sharma's room. He divulges the information about the raid, following a threat of violence. He also mentions that Ajay is taking revenge on the CBI for not appointing him. Khan orders Sharma to ensure everything proceeds as normal.
On the day of the raid, Khan takes charge of the jewellery store and replaces the goods with fake jewellery, with the originals being moved to a nearby workshop. He is given constant information about the activity of the crew and recruits. Ajay informs the recruits that he will come in a different vehicle to them. Sharma leaves with the recruits in a bus, but leaves the bus at police headquarters, saying that he will arrive with Ajay. He also states that nobody should leave the bus until they arrive and that he is going to verify the paperwork for the raid at the Police HQ. In reality, he goes to meet Ranveer Singh. With Ajay, a raid of the workshop is carried out. Ajay then goes and meets Priya, who is ready for departure at the Sahar International airport.
Meanwhile, at the jewellery store, Khan is informed that the raid was conducted at the workshop and all jewellery in the workshop along with the jewellery that were moved were stolen. Khan works it all out for himself, realizing that Ranveer was part of the gang and he wasn't a real police officer and they were set up right from the beginning. Khan starts laughing loudly and applauds the entire robbery plan and execution. Later, Khan receives a money order for Rs. 100 that Ajay had taken from him with the message that he could not steal the honest earnings of an officer. The film ends with Khan being told over the phone that the CBI has information about the perpetrators. At the same time we see Ajay Singh and P.K. Sharma enjoying a cricket match happily at the Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium with their wives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Vikram (Randeep Hooda), a hot-shot fashion and wildlife photographer, viewing a video of his girlfriend, Roshni (Aditi Rao Hydari) telling him she is leaving him. Vikram becomes distraught. While drinking away his sorrows at a bar, he meets Nisha (Sara Loren) and they have a relationship where Nisha moves into the house that Vikram was sharing with Roshni. Vikram becomes a suspect in the disappearance of Roshni, however, the investigators can find no evidence of Vikram's involvement in Roshni's disappearance.
It is revealed that the house is owned by a German lady who shows Roshni a secret room built to hide her husband just in case someone came to look for him because he was in British Army at the time of 1947. The room is self-contained
In a flashback, it is also shown that Roshni, jealous of Vikram's relationship with one of his colleague, decided to pretend she is leaving him. She creates the video saying she is leaving as she hides in the secret room. The room has some one way mirrors where she can observe Vikram's reaction. When she decides he has had enough she looks for the key and realizes she lost the key and is now trapped in the room with no way to contact him.
Nisha finds the key to the secret room, but she doesn't know what it is used for. Nisha eventually figures out that Roshni is trapped in the house because Roshni is able to communicate through tapping on the pipes in the secret room. As Nisha is ready to open the door, she pauses and decides not to rescue Roshni because she might lose Vikram after that. Nisha struggles with her decision, but decides to open the door and check on Roshni because the investigators gave Nisha pictures of Vikram and his Colleague and she herself feels the pangs of jealousy. As Nisha is checking on Roshni laying in a bed in the secret room, Roshni surprises Nisha and knocks her out with a glass bottle and leaves Nisha locked in the room. After Roshni comes out of the secret room, she sees Vikram and his colleagues photographs and shatters. She decides to leave the house. She leaves that picture of Vikram with his colleague on mirror and also sticks her necklace to show Vikram that she is out and then she sends the keys of the room to the investigator who actually loves Nisha. The investigator comes and arrests Vikram while Nisha is stranded in the room as both Vikram and the investigator have no knowledge about the room and the key. The final scene shows Roshni tearing her and Vikram's photograph and is going on a highway road in a car alone, happy on leaving the devastated and arrested Vikram.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ishaan "Ish" Bhatt (Sushant Singh Rajput) is an ex district level cricketer who is a victim of politics in the cricketing selection fraternity, Omkar "Omi" Shastri (Amit Sadh) is the nephew of a Hindu politician (Bittu) who funds their business and Govind "Govi" Patel (Rajkumar Rao) is a geek with a penchant for business and numbers. Together they open a sports shop and an academy to train and promote talented budding cricketers. After toiling hard, they succeed in establishing it as a center for cricket among the local youth and start to incur profits.
Ishaan requests Govind to teach his sister Vidya (Amrita Puri) mathematics as her exams are coming up. Govind is reluctant at first but agrees eventually. Vidya and Govind gradually fall in love with each other and secretly begin a physical relationship. Omi discovers the same and warns Govind of the consequences, as Ishaan is very protective of his sister.
The three friends spot a budding cricketing talent in a local boy, Ali (Digvijay Deshmukh), who has a rare talent, and Ishaan starts training him vigorously. Govind is ambitious and wants to expand the budding business by opening a shop in a mall being constructed in Navrangpura, an upcoming part of the city. With financial help coming from Omi's maternal uncle, Bittu (Manav Kaul), the trio secure the deal and set up shop in the mall. Disaster strikes when a destructive earthquake hits Gujarat and the mall is destroyed. Govind is shattered as the amount of money they invested was very large and they are now loaded with a huge debt. Omi is reluctantly forced to work for his maternal Uncle's right-wing party due to the money they owe him.
When relief camps of Omi's uncle's party declines to give Muslims shelter in troubled times, Ishaan and Omi quarrel over their politico-religious outlook and temporarily break off their friendship. They again reunite after India's surprise win in the test match against Australia. Omi gets busy with religious politics and joins Bittu's party. Ishaan and Govind, meanwhile, are busy with Ali and Vidya respectively. Tension arises in the political sphere when Bittu loses the elections in his constituency to his opponent. As a part of their campaigning, Bittu sends pilgrims (kar sevaks) to Ayodhya to the Ram Temple. Omi's parents were also among them. On the returning day, the shocking news of the Godhra train massacre reaches the people. Omi is shattered but Bittu convinces him to take revenge on the murderers of his parents.
Ishaan and Govind hide Ali, fearing communal riots. As expected, the violence starts by sunset, and the mob led by Bittu storms into the Muslim locality, killing each and every Muslim in sight. A fight ensues between Ali's father (Asif Basra) and Bittu. Ali's father stabs Bittu in defense and rushes to save Ali and take shelter in their attic. Omi, enraged at the death of his uncle Bittu, follows him with a gun. Meanwhile, Ishaan comes to know about Vidya and Govind's relationship, when he reads Vidya's text message in Govind's mobile phone about her periods. Enraged, he starts thrashing Govind while Omi enters the premises with a gun in hand, desperate to find and kill Ali and his father. Ishaan and Govind break their own fighting and try to stop Omi as he desperately searches for Ali and his father. Omi finally aims and shoots at Ali. Ishaan in a bid to save Ali takes the bullet himself and consequently dies.
The film then goes back to where it started, with Omi being released from prison ten years later. Govind and Vidya are married and have a son, whom they have named Ishaan (Ishaan Bhagat, Chetan Bhagat's son) after the late Ishaan. The film ends with a now grown up Ali debuting for the Indian cricket team against Australia. He plays his first shot by hitting the ball to the boundary with a Cover drive just like his "Ishaan bhaiya" had taught him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ishaan (John Abraham) a charismatic, good-looking music producer from Mumbai, lives a sheltered existence as the apple of his mother's (Zarina Wahab) eye, always protected by his elder sister Shivani (Mini Mathur). He stays at his girlfriend Anushka's (Chitrangada Singh) house and takes them all for granted. One day Anushka kicks him out of her house due to his irresponsibility about their relationship.
His new neighbour Gauri (Prachi Desai) comes into his life, and he begins to fall in love with her. Ishaan is forced out of his company, and Gauri encourages him to start his own music company. While Ishaan is working on his music, Anushka is pregnant with his child but decides not to tell him due to him being irresponsible. Gauri gets a scholarship to Paris, and Ishaan and Gauri decide to live there after his big launch.
On the day of the launch, Anushka starts having contractions and Ishaan, realizing his responsibilities, takes Anushka to the hospital where they have a baby girl. Gauri leaves for Paris understanding what is happening. Eight months later, Ishaan and his baby girl Diya are talking to Gauri who is returning soon, while Anushska is happily married to another guy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Natasha is the Hotel Heiress of Eagle Group of Hotels, brash, defiant and a Man-eater. While travelling to a party, she meets with an accident which is life-threatening, had it not been for the presence of Nirvaan Shroff. Nirvaan saves Natasha from the accident but his attitude and the roumm,.' around the edges persona attracts her to him, but Nirvaan is not the one to be taken in easily. A wager from her friend starts the game of seduction between Natasha and Nirvaan. But what unfolds is something that even Natasha had not thought of. She actually falls for him, not knowing the fact that Nirvaan is married to Radhika who is staying in Pattaya. What happens next and what Nirvaan does is what forms the finale of Bloody Isshq
-----------------------------------------------------------
3G movie is the story of Sam Arora (Neil) and Sheena, a couple who face supernatural phenomenon after purchasing a used phone. The movie revolves around a 3G mobile phone bought by Sam at the beginning of the movie when his original phone is dropped into water accidentally. the phone is actually a ghost which taunts its owners throughout the movie. The Climax is really surprising.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot is set in Chandigarh, where a wedding is about to take place at the Khullar House, and father Tej Khullar (Ram Kapoor) has bought a new Maruti Ertiga car as a wedding gift for his daughter & would-be son-in-law. A few days before the wedding, his college going son, Sameer (Saqib Saleem) who the father thinks is good for nothing, secretly takes the car out to impress the hottest girl in college, Jasleen (Rhea Chakraborty). After dropping Jasleen at her hostel and in a drunk state, he loses the car by accidentally giving the keys to a person who Sameer thinks is a valet. As soon as he realises that the valet doesn't have the keys and he had lost his car, he and his best friend Gattu (Prabal Panjabi) go on an all night search to find the car.
The next day they get an Ertiga model (test drive) to the house to show Sameer's father that the car was still in the garage. They also meet a car dealer Pathan (Ravi Kishen) and agree to purchase a stolen Ertiga from him. Pathan promises them to give the car the very next day. To ensure that there is a car in the garage in the night, they take another Ertiga on rent from a Jat family and bring it home. The day before the wedding, Sameer returns Ertiga and in the night goes to meet Pathan along with Gattu and Jasleen. While at Pathan's place, a police raid happens and the three barely manage to escape. Pathan's assistant calls Sameer telling him to take the car but it's a trap set by the police and Sameer ends up in jail.
On the morning of the wedding, Sameer explains to the cops what happened but the cops insist on meeting his father. Sameer informs his sister who sends her fiancee to bail out Sameer. While this is happening, a cop informs the police control room that an Ertiga is being stolen by a gang using a tow truck. A chase ensues and police catch the thieves and hand the car back to Sameer.
After the wedding ceremony, Sameer manages to get the car back decorated and behaves as nothing has happened. But a few minutes later, Gattu brings another Ertiga to Sameer's home and so does Jasleen, leaving everyone shocked and confused as there are three Ertigas. Sameer then confesses to his father in the presence of everyone what happened over the past few days. His dad loses his temper, chides him but then forgives him and all are happy.
The audience comes to know that Gattu had won a contest where the 1st prize was a Maruti Ertiga and since Jazleen had saved a Jat family member's life by taking him to the hospital on time, the Jat family gifts the car to her in gratitude.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with a drunk Rahul Dewan (Rajeev Siddhartha), racing in a Toyota Land Cruiser Prado against a Mercedes, after he is seduced by a woman in the passenger seat. He loses control and crashes into a wall on the footpath by the road. The film cuts to a court scene where Jagdish Tyagi a.k.a. Jolly (Arshad Warsi), an LLB (law-degree) graduate defending a surgeon against a Public interest litigation (PIL) filed against him after the surgeon had his son operate upon a patient in his pursuit of Guinness Book of World Records. Jolly loses the case but decides to move to the capital Delhi to try his luck. He happens to see prominent criminal lawyer Tejinder Rajpal (Boman Irani) defending Rahul Dewan in a sessions court. Rahul Dewan is accused of causing death under the influence of alcohol. Rajpal convinces the judge that prosecution had no evidence to implicate Rahul Dewan and he was being deliberately targeted by the media as he was from a rich family, resulting in Dewan's acquittal.
Rajpal, though, is not satisfied with the fee paid by the Dewans. Jolly, desperate to have some money and fame, decides to pursue the case and files a PIL in the court against Rahul Dewan's acquittal. After initially reprimanding Jolly for his mistakes in filing the PIL and taking the press reports as an evidence, Justice Tripathi (Saurabh Shukla) gives a date for hearing and warns Jolly to collect some evidence before the hearing. He then runs into Albert Pinto (Harsh Chhaya), who claims to have witnessed the accident. Then Jolly introduces him as a witness in the court and Judge Tripathi, after cross-examining him, gives a date for the next hearing. He also summons Rahul Dewan to be present in the court for the hearing. Jolly becomes a celebrity overnight and is admired by Kaul who donates a room in his restaurant to Jolly for using it as his office. However, Jolly's plans turn upside down, when Albert Pinto reveals to him that he is no witness, but a crony of Rajpal and it was part of a plan to extract more money from Dewan clan. As part of the deal, Pinto gives Jolly his share of the money paid by Dewans to silence Pinto. Jolly gleefully accepts the money and regrets that had he known this plan earlier, he would have demanded more money. Albert Pinto turns hostile in the court and Jolly accepts the statement given by Pinto. Judge Tripathi postpones the judgement for the next hearing. Sandhya the fiancee of Jolly, chides him for compromising on justice for his greed. Jolly realises his mistake once Kaul saab slaps him for his treachery. He returns the money to Rajpal and challenges him to win the case.
With the help of his Brother In-law Pratap (Manoj Pahwa), he collects the video footage of the Land Cruiser involved in the accident and presents it to the court. Though Rajpal counters him that the Land Cruiser was driven by the driver of Dewan family, Jolly refutes his statement by submitting the necessary evidence. Judge Tripathi orders the Police to provide a bodyguard for Jolly after he was manhandled by alleged assistants of Rajpal. Jolly comes to know that a survivor of the accident stays in Gorakhpur and decides to leave for Gorakhpur. SI Rathi tries to sabotage Jolly's investigation, but is rescued by his bodyguard. He identifies one Sadakanth Mishra as the survivor in Gorakhpur and brings him to Delhi. Jolly prosecutes SI Rathi and finds that he has intentionally botched up the investigation by declaring Sadakanth Mishra as dead and snatching his hard-earned money by threatening to kill him. Mishra also identifies Rahul Dewan as the one who drove the Land Cruiser. After conclusion of arguments and counter-arguments between Rajpal and Jolly, Judge Tripathi directs Delhi Police to suspend SI Rathi and initiate a criminal inquiry against him and also declares Rahul Dewan as guilty of the crime and sentences him to seven years in jail under Section 304 of the Indian Penal Code. The film ends with Jolly celebrating with his team while Rajpal is crestfallen as he suffers defeat after a long time.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in 1983, the story begins with Ravi (Ajay Devgan) winning a fighting competition at a club. He is known as 'Himmatwala' (courageous man). He then goes to Ramnagar village, where he meets his mother, Savitri, and his younger sister, Padma, who are living a miserable life.
Ravi's mother tells him that his father was an honest and respected man, and he was the priest of the temple. His father was framed by Sher Singh, the tyrant zamindar (landlord), for robbing the temple since the latter saw him commit a murder. Disgusted, Ravi's father committed suicide. In revenge, young Ravi tried to kill Sher Singh, but failed. When Ravi's house is burnt, Savitri tells him to run away as Sher Singh will kill him.
With revenge in his mind, Ravi beats up Narayan Das, Singh's manager and brother-in-law, as well as threatening Sher Singh. The next day, he publicly humiliates Sher Singh's daughter, Rekha because she was beating up her innocent driver. In response, Rekha (Tamannaah Bhatia) unleashes a tiger on the village in front of Ravi. Her plan was unsuccessful, however, as it backfired. Rekha falls down from the terrace and is about to be attacked by the animal, when Ravi jumps and saves her life. Rekha falls in love with Ravi, and afterwards, saves Ravi's life against her father's plans.
On the other hand, Ravi comes to know that Padma is in love with Shakti, Narayan Das's son. He has his objections and so has Narayan. However, Sher Singh tells Narayan Das that marrying Shakti with Padma would give them an upper hand over Ravi as they can ill-treat Padma and keep Ravi in control. Meanwhile, Padma now knows that Ravi is not her real brother, and the real Ravi died in a road accident. Before dying, the real Ravi asked him to take care of his family. Padma is initially upset, but then reconciles after Ravi saves her life.
Shortly after Padma and Shakti get married, both the father and son start ill-treating Padma. In revenge, Ravi uses Rekha against her own father, just like what she advises him. After Rekha tells her father that she is pregnant with Ravi, Sher Singh begs Ravi to marry his daughter. Eventually, Ravi punished Narayan Das and Shakti by doing all the household chores. He also wins the Sarpanch election, and Sher Singh finally gives all the property documents back to the villagers, which Sher Singh had illegally taken from them before.
However, Shakti overhears Rekha and Ravi's conversation about the fake pregnancy and that he is not the real Ravi. Angered, Sher Singh tries to kill him by bringing 20 fighters from the city, but failed. While they are beating Ravi, the tiger (which Ravi had fought with) comes and saves his life. Ravi then brutally beats Shakti, and is about to kill Sher Singh when his mother stops him.
In the end, Sher Singh, Narayan Das and Shakti ask for the forgiveness from Ravi, Savitri and the rest of the villagers.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Seema (Taapsee Pannu) is a young girl who lives in Mumbai with her father (Anupam Kher). He, being an active military officer, wants Seema to marry a similar man. He had arranged Seema's marriage to such people five times in a row, with Seema evading all five arrangements. Her father had now arranged her marriage for the sixth time, which Seema evades again and escapes to Goa to live with her uncle, her father's younger brother (Anupam Kher), in a double role. Siddharth Kashyap (Ali Zafar), Jai (Siddharth) and Omi (Divyendu Sharma) are three friends who live in a rented apartment. Miss Josephine (Lilette Dubey) is their landlady. All the three are frequent visitors to a café owned by Joseph Furtado (Rishi Kapoor). The three owe huge amounts of money to Joseph and Josephine. One day, Omi spots Seema taking a walk with her dog Aryabhatta. Attracted to her, he calls his friend Jai. Both of them try to impress her. One after the other, they break into Seema's house. Omi tries to impress Seema with his poetry. Meanwhile, Seema mistakes him for a dog trainer and takes him straight into her bedroom. Omi assumes Seema is interested him and starts browsing her bedroom while Seema prepares her dog [name of Dog is "Aryabhata" given in movie by writer] Unable to handle the dog, Omi runs back home, where he tells everyone a completely different story. Omi tells his friends that they had sex and were deeply in love. Jealous, Jai tries his luck. Jai breaks in, telling them he is a reputed film-maker. Upon realization, Seema calls her grandmother and makes her beat up Jai until he finally makes his run. Back home, Jai tells a similar story. Jai tells the other two that they two were deeply in love and were now dating. Siddharth, meanwhile, isn't interested in Seema.
However, one day, Siddharth accidentally bumps into Seema, unaware of the fact that she is the girl Jai and Omi failed to impress. Both of them have a chat over lunch. Seema is impressed with Sid and asks him out on a date. Both of them get along very well and date frequently, until one day, Jai and Omi spot them. Both of them, jealous of the fact that they are now dating, tell Sid that she isn't a good girl and ask him to break up with her. Seema, on the other hand is shocked about the fact that they are both Sid's friends. Sid pretends to beat up both his friends to impress Seema, which later turns out to be Omi and Jai's imagination. Albeit the fight, they continue to try and split Sid and Seema. One day, Josephine gets caught in heavy rain. Joseph too was present at the scene and helps out Josephine. Both of them were amused at the same things between them. They both fall in love but hesitate to start dating. Jai and Omi try to take advantage of the situation. They assume that Joseph would stop asking them to pay the café bills and Josephine would let them stay at her apartment for free if they helped unite them. In their many attempts, they somehow unite Joseph and Josephine. Despite that, Joseph & Josephine still don't forgive the three. So Jai and Omi start lying about each of the two to the other. They get the money they wanted. However, Joseph and Josephine do not break up as they soon realize that all the secrets told to them were lies.
Soon after that, Sid and Seema break up, following successful attempts by Jai and Omi. However, Sid is deeply hurt and gets drunk. Later, one day, Omi and Jai find a poison bottle in Sid's drawer and thought that he has committed suicide even though he hasn't . Realizing that they have made a really bad mistake, Jai and Omi try several times to unite Sid and Seema again. But they fail, causing Seema to get frustrated and blames Sid. One day, finally, they go to Seema's house and meet her grandmother. She comes up with a rather filmy solution and suggests Jai and Omi to play kidnappers and supposedly kidnap Seema. Then, the aunt goes to Sid and asks him to rescue Seema from the kidnappers. Finally, Sid and Seema start dating again. Seema's uncle, who had always been trying to marry Seema to a civilian rather than a military officer, suggests Seema to marry Sid. At the same time, Seema's father turns up trying to take Seema back home. In order to solve the problem, Sid unites the brothers by telling them, that every military officer was once a civilian. The military officer & his brother are impressed and they both let Sid and Seema marry.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about the friendship and the bonding between RP and Mandar and how they face problems and solve them.
Ram Parmar a.k.a. RP (Ayushmann Khurrana) is in meeting with a psychiatrist for problems he's experiencing due to three break-ups in last three months. The film runs in a narrative mode. RP is a successful theater artist portraying the role of Raavan. One day while returning home, he witnesses Mandar Lele (Kunaal Roy Kapur) attempting suicide. He saves him and brings home. Mandar is devastated because of his break-up with Nandini (Pooja Salvi) and attempted suicide because he thinks he is worthless. As Ram is a helping guy, he tries solving out Mandar's problems and probes into his life. He offers him the role of Lord Ram in his theater play. He finds Nandini and tries reuniting her with Mandar. While doing this he lies many times to his close friend Sita (Evelyn Sharma) and girlfriend Chitra (Gaelyn Mendonca). The latter ultimately breaks up with him. During this, Ram falls for Nandini who reciprocates his feelings. Meanwhile, Mandar is coming back to normal. Ram feels he is cheating his friend; he breaks-off with Nandini and makes arrangements so that Nandini and Mandar meet. Unfortunately all this is revealed to Mandar and Nandini. Ram ultimately loses his girlfriend, his love and friend.
Returning to present day, the psychiatrist suggests RP to apologise to all three, which may suffice in resolving the problems. Mandar returns to RP's play in the role of Hanuman and unites Nandini with RP. After doing so, he leaves with Sita.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Karanveer Singh Dogra (Vidyut Jamwal) a.k.a. Karan is a commando with the Indian Army's 9 Para . During routine helicopter training their helicopter crashes on the Chinese side of the border. The lone survivor of the wreckage, Karan is captured by Chinese officials. As the crash happened on a river and wreckage of the chopper got washed away, Karan as well as his seniors are not able to convince the Chinese of his innocence. The Chinese feel they can use these circumstances to brand him as an Indian spy and use this political leverage to embarrass the Indian government and create an international fracas. The Indian government feels that under such politically unfavourable circumstances, the Chinese will not accept any proof of Karan having crashed during a routine training exercise so they order the Army to erase Karan's army record, identities and simply deny his existence. Due to this Karan has to suffer inhuman torture from the Chinese Army for one year in a bid to force a confession out of him.
However, as Karan still refuses to relent, he is transferred to be tried at the Chinese Military Court with the most probable and possible sentence being the death penalty. During his transfer however, he escapes from his captors and crosses into Himachal Pradesh at the Lepcha border and travels through Kinnaur to reach his base at Pathankot. As Karan crosses the Himachal – Punjab border, he accidentally bumps into a girl, Simrit (Pooja Chopra) who is escaping from Amrit Kanwal Singh (Jaideep Ahlawat) and his goons, as well as Singh's brother, an MP. Amrit Kanwal Singh or as he is better known AK-74, is a notorious cold-blooded criminal and murderer with such strong political ties that he gets away with anything and everything illegal he does even after he murdered a Forest Official, and wants to marry Simrit for political gains as it will lend him some respectability and political leverage in the upcoming electoral campaign. Karan warns the goons to let go off her but they don't listen and bear the brunt of his pent up anger and after losing some men they retreat. Simrit plays him to escort her out of the town by telling Karan that he has created more trouble for her and now he must escort her till she feels safe. AK waylays them on the Andheria Bridge. Finding himself outnumbered and outgunned, Karan jumps off the bridge into the fast flowing river with Simrit after kicking AK on his face. After flowing along the river for some distance, they climb to the banks and end up inside the forest. AK's power, position and respect from ordinary people of Dilerkot is largely attributed to fear-tactics efficiently used by him. After being publicly humiliated by Karan, AK senses that this act of Karan would affect his fear among people negatively, he declares that within one day he would track him down alive and hang him in the middle of marketplace in Dilkerkot. In the meantime AK kills a visibly frightened onlooker who laughs at AK's failure to capture Karan on the bridge. In the forest, Karan hears Simrit's story and promises to help her. He decides to stick to the jungle route and then get out on the highway once he feels that the heat from Amrit Kanwal Singh and his henchmen has died down. AK on the other hand decides to pursue them inside the jungle.
Now begins a cat and mouse game between AK, his men, and Karan in the forest. Karan at first successfully overpowers AK's henchmen by taking into effect his physical strength, Guerilla warfare tactics, cunning warfare skills, training as a commando and extreme knowledge of the area's flora and fauna and had an upper hand over AK's untrained and novice men. The next morning AK hires special trackers and sets out along hunting dogs. AK spots a torn piece of Simrit's shirt. The hunting dogs thus get a scent of the duo and tracks them down. Karan misleads the dogs and crosses a river and the dogs lose them. Karan and Simrit, however, get outnumbered and Karan is shot in his stomach. AK throws Karan into a shallow river with rock beds jutting out here and there. One hour later Karan survives and after recuperating fully heads back to the town. Meanwhile, AK kills Simrit's parents and stages it as an accident and threatens Simrit to marry him. Karan fights all of AK's goons and a hired assassin sent by the Chinese. He beats up AK badly, breaks his ankle and hangs AK on the town square and surrenders to his Commander Col. Akhilesh Sinha (Darshan Jariwala) who had timely arrived to save him from the local police who are mere puppets of AK.
The movie ends with Karan finally telling Simrit his full name, and promises to return after the court-martial.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Bobo (Emraan Hashmi) is India's top magician, a star. But unknown to even his beautiful girlfriend Tamara (Huma Qureshi), his life is falling apart. Hallucinations about his dead little sister Misha are casting a dark shadow on his life, threatening his very sanity. He is shown to be frequently drawn to his old vacant family apartment, where in the latest visit, he opens the lid of a treasure chest in one of the rooms, only to see a vision of his little sister Misha dead inside with a lizard crawling over the body. Tamara tracks him down to the apartment at the same time, taking him back to the room and opening the chest, only to find Misha's old doll inside. This latest hallucination proves to be too much, and Bobo is left with no option but to seek psychiatric help in the form of the rather odd Dr. Palit, who puts him under regression hypnosis to go back to the distant past, when Bobo was 11 and Misha 6.
A terrifying childhood story surfaces in which a dark supernatural power, in the form of a Daayan (witch) enters the lives of the two children and their father. Bobo and Misha are shown to live with their Dad in the family apartment with their mother having died some time earlier. Bobo is seen reading a book of Witchcraft from which he discovers the number 666 and uses it to travel on the apartment elevator to some unlisted floor at the bottom of the building, which he confides to Misha as being the entry to hell. According to Bobo, each building has its own hell, where the "bad people" of the building are consigned for eternity once they are dead. Soon after Bobo and Misha's trip on the elevator, a woman named Diana (Konkona Sen Sharma) moves into the building. Bobo is convinced that she is a witch and that she has surfaced from down under following his and Misha's trip on the elevator.
Diana immediately charms Bobo's single father and agrees to babysit the kids. She soon becomes a part of the family by marrying Bobo's father, although the paranoid Bobo still believes she's a witch. Meanwhile, Bobo learns from the book that the source of a Daayan's power is her plait, while that of a Pishacha is his neck. On Diana's birthday during the night of the red moon she convinces the kids to a game of hide and seek in an attempt to sacrifice Misha in order to restore her dark powers. As she begins to look for the kids, Bobo peeks through his hideout to see what she's doing. Bobo's father returns claiming to have forgotten his files and goes to look for them while Bobo goes to check on his sister. Finding the door locked Bobo begins to panic which brings his father to the door. Bobo's father knocks down the door only to find Misha lifeless in the trunk and a now undisguised Diana hovering over her body. Enraged, Bobo's father attempts to choke Diana but in vain as the now rejuvenated Diana kills him with her ear-piercing screams. Diana moves to the window to perform the rest of her ritual. But the distraught Bobo finds his father's dagger and cuts off Diana's plait, destroying her source of power. A shocked Diana begins to crumble into dust but not before she reveals that everything she did, she did for him and promises to return for Bobo.
Dr. Palit (Rajatava Dutta) dismisses Bobo's visions as just fantasy and convinces Bobo to do the same. After a brief outburst at the restaurant Bobo is knocked unconscious and taken to the hospital, where Tamara learns about his hallucinations. He then asks Tamara to marry him and they adopt the ten-year-old Zubin.
Everything goes well till the irresistible Lisa Dutt (Kalki Koechlin) enters their life during a magic show. Bobo suspects that the Daayan is back, but nobody believes him. In fact everybody loves Lisa. She even buys his old house, adding to his suspicion. Even Bobo starts thinking that it is all his imagination and that he is losing his mind.
But his suspicion turns to belief when during Lisa's house warming party, Tamara falls off the balcony. A critical Tamara is taken to the hospital. A few days later Lisa comes to visit Tamara. As she tries to unhook Tamara's IV bag, Bobo walks in and questions her in a fury. She claims that all she was trying to do is unhook the IV bag as it's empty. But the now aggressive Bobo tells her to get out. Afraid for his family, he calls Dr. Palit and who agrees to help investigate further.
Dr. Palit finds a very disturbing truth and calls Bobo telling him that he was right all along. But in the meantime, the Daayan appears as Diana in Dr. Palit's clinic and kills him. As Bobo reaches Dr. Palit's clinic he finds Dr. Palit dead and sees the eerie lizard lurking about. He finds a paper clutched in Dr. Palit's hand, on which Zubin's name is scribbled. He rushes to the exhibition where Zubin is supposed to be, only to find him missing. He then rushes back to his old home too look for Zubin but finds it empty as well. So he jumps into the elevator and descends into hell.
There, he finds Zubin lying on a sacrificial altar and the Daayan ready to sacrifice his son's life to sustain her powers. Bobo tries to save Zubin, when he encounters Tamara. To his surprise, Tamara is the Daayan, not Lisa. Then, Diana appears and tells him that he himself is a Pishacha. Tamara explains further by saying that no one could merely push buttons in an elevator and find hell. The fact that he is present with them, is the evidence of him being a Pishacha. He tries to fight her, but she is enraged and tells Bobo that it took her 20 years to be reborn and she won't let him kill her again. She knocks Bobo unconscious.
When he regains consciousness, he recalls the book about black magic and realizes that a Pishacha, good or bad can regain his strength as it is the night of the red moon. With his acquired powers, he fights Tamara and supposedly kills her. Soon after that, he returns his powers back to Satan. As he picks up Zubin, the Daayan now appearing as Diana reveals that only the pure and innocent can kill a Daayan and since Bobo killed her once before as a kid he is no longer innocent. Angry that Bobo denied Satan's gift Diana attacks him with her hair since it is the origin of her strength. Diana wraps her hair tightly around Bobo's neck to destroy his life force. Powerless, he tries to fight with her only to be flung around. Bobo grabs on to a pillar and an amused Diana once again immobilizes him with her high-pitched screeches but Bobo kicks the sacrificial dagger to the now conscious Zubin, and Bobo twists Diana and wraps her own hair on her mouth to stop the sound reaching Zubin's ears. Zubin eventually cuts off Diana's plait, but the crumbling Diana once again promises that she will come back.
In the end Zubin asks him whether everything that happened was magic or witchcraft. Bobo tells him that everyone has a little of both good and bad, but they themselves have to choose which side they're on. Bobo meets Lisa at the cafe and she asks him why he was so aggressive towards her initially. The screen fades to black as Bobo says, "I thought you were a Daayan".
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens by showing a large crowd waiting for Rahul Jaykar (Aditya Roy Kapoor) – a successful singer and musician whose career is waning because of his alcohol addiction – to perform at a stage show in Goa. After nearly completing a song, he is unexpectedly interrupted by Aryan (Salil Acharya), who was losing his career due to Rahul's, during his performance. Rahul fights him, stops his performance, and drives to a local bar. He meets Aarohi Keshav Shirke (Shraddha Kapoor), a bar singer who idolises Rahul. After noticing Aarohi looking at a photograph of Lata Mangeshkar in the bar, he assumes that she wants to become a singer. Impressed by her simplicity and voice, Rahul promises to transform her into a singing sensation and asks her to never perform again in bars. Due to his assurance, Aarohi leaves her job and returns to Mumbai with Rahul, who convinces record producer Saigal (Mahesh Thakur) to meet her. When Aarohi calls Rahul, he is attacked and injured by some thugs, and is unable to receive her call. His friend and manager called Vivek (Shaad Randhawa) says that news of Rahul's accident should not be leaked to the media, and instead publicises a false story that Rahul has left the country to participate in stage shows. When Aarohi attempts to contact Rahul again, Vivek ignores the calls. After two months of futilely attempting to contact Rahul, a broken Aarohi is forced to sing in bars again because of her family problems.
Meanwhile, Rahul recovers from his injuries and again starts the search for Aarohi. He learns that Aarohi is working in a bar again and that Vivek had ignored her calls without informing him. Rahul apologises to Aarohi and fires Vivek, and they meet with Saigal for the recording agreement. Rahul begins to train Aarohi, who signs a music contract to sing in films and becomes a successful playback singer. Her family and Rahul are happy, but when people begin to gossip that Rahul is using her as a servant, he relapses into alcohol addiction. Aarohi, who loves Rahul more than her career, comforts him and they have sex. Despite Aarohi's mother's disapproval, Aarohi moves in with Rahul and things go well until Rahul's addiction worsens, causing him to become aggressive and violent.
To help Rahul fight his alcoholism, Aarohi attempts to rehabilitate Rahul, sacrificing her singing career in doing so. After Saigal reminds them about their dream of Aarohi becoming a successful singer, Rahul orders her to focus on her work. During Aarohi's stage show, Rahul meets a journalist backstage, who accuses him of using Aarohi for pleasure and money. Furious, Rahul beats up the journalist and starts drinking. He ends up in jail, and Aarohi comes to bail him out. Rahul overhears Aarohi telling Saigal that she is going to leave her career for him and is ready to give up her celebrity status because Rahul is more important to her. Rahul understands that he has become a burden in her life, and that leaving her is his only option to save her. The next day, he bids her farewell by assuring her that he will change his lifestyle . Distraught by Rahul's death, Aarohi decides to leave her career but Vivek persuades her to stay. He reminds her that Rahul wanted her to become a successful singer and killed himself as he did not want to be a burden on her and remain an obstacle in the path of her success. Aarohi agrees, and returns to singing. Later, she signs her name as "Aarohi Rahul Jaykar" in a fan's handbook as a tribute to Rahul and her unsung desire to marry him. As rain starts falling, she watches the couple who took her autograph sharing a romantic moment under a jacket as she and Rahul had done .
-----------------------------------------------------------
In a police van, Afaaque Baaghran (Anil Kapoor) listens to the story narrated by a gangster, Manya Surve (John Abraham), who is gravely injured with a bullet-riddled body.
Surve is a decent student at Kirti College, Dadar. He is in love with Vidya Joshi (Kangana Ranaut) and takes her to his mother to discuss their marriage. Manya has an older brother named Bhargav Surve, who is a gangster after an underworld don named Bhatkar (Ranjeet).
Soon enough, Bhargav is attacked and beaten up by Bhatkar's goons. Manya jumps in to save him. While Manya Surve clutches one of the goons, Bhargav stabs the goon and he dies on the spot. On the day of Manya's exam results, before he can discover his grades, Manya and his brother are arrested and publicly humiliated at college by Insp. Ambolkar (Raju Kher) and end up in Yerwada Prison. In prison, another convict named Munir (Tusshar Kapoor) saves Manya from being attacked by a goon named Potya (Chetan Hansraj) during lunch time. During this assault, Bhargav is killed. Munir befriends Manya and another convict named Veera. Veera trains Manya to become stronger. Manya trains and then eventually is challenged by Potya. Potya attacks him from behind and beats Manya up, to which Manya responds by stabbing Potya to death.
Later on, both Manya and Munir escape from prison while they are working on a railway track and try to join hands with two brothers who rule Mumbai's deals. The first brother, Zubair Imtiaz Haksar (Manoj Bajpayee), is cool and is impressed by Manya. However, the second brother, Dilawar (Sonu Sood), disapproves of Manya and dislikes him. After this, Manya forms his own gang which consists of him, Munir, Veera, and Gyancho, a sharpshooter brought by Munir. Soon enough, Manya finishes off Bhatkar (the gangster who had him and his brother arrested). Jamal, Bhatkar's bodyguard, also joins them. Next, Manya brings Ambolkar to his knees by beating him brutally in public. The story next shows the death of Sadiq, (Arif Zakaria) an unscrupulous news reporter, by Mastan. This breaks a fight between Haskar brothers and Mastan. Due to this, a truce is called by Haji Maqsood (Akbar Khan). The truce is short lived as Mastan asks Manya Surve to finish Zubair. After Zubair's assassination, Dilawar kills Gyancho with the help of Jamal. He is about to kill Munir when Manya saves him. Later, Afaaque is asked to kill Manya by Dilawar. Even after his refusal, at first he agrees when police commissioner (Jackie Shroff) orders him to. The story comes to an end after the shootout and Manya's killing.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Dholakpur under attack with some wild wolves taking away a baby of an innocent woman. Bheem comes to the rescue and defeats those wolves to save Dholakpur. Later in the Dholakpur royal palace, Princess Indumati sees a horrible dream and requests her father, King Indraverma to tell her a story. Indraverma tells Indumati about a beauty of a land, Bali. In Bali, a Balian chants some mantras to release an evil and deadly demon, Rangda. Next day, King Indraverma gives a brief introduction of a boy of Bali who is none other than Arjun,the Rajkumar(prince) of Bali. Rangda is released from Kaal Dhund and creates her own army of Leyaks,magical demons.
Next day, King Indraverma, Princess Indumati along with Bheem and his friends set out on a trip to Bali. Indraverma tells more about Bali on their way. But before they reach Bali, it is attacked by Rangda and her magical demons, Leyaks. However, Arjun manages to escape and is rescued by Guru Bahula,the royal priest of Bali. Bahula manages to escape with Arjun and hide in a cave. Arjun is found unconscious lying on a bed. He soon wakes up and addresses Bheem and friends as mere kids. Chutki and Raju feel that they shouldn't help Arjun at all. Bheem explains his friends to keep patience and asks them not to leave Arjun in this dangerous situation. Meanwhile, Rangda sends Leyaks to kill any one in Bali who has survived their previous attacks.
Next day, Arjun who doesn't look fully recovered is cheered up by Bheem who throws a laddoo high up in the air and Arjun successfully jumps and catches the laddoo and eats it,indication of his recovery from his injuries. Bheem and his friends along with Arjun train under the supervision of Guru Bahula to face Leyaks.
They then see Leyaks attack Bali and all of them run to stop Leyaks by pulling their horns and tails. They fight bravely until when Bheem sees a Leyak coming to attack Arjun, who is fighting bravely and stops him but Arjun still did not like Bheem helping him out. Raju challenges Arjun and Bheem for a Leyak killing competition.
As the competition starts,ends with Arjun killing 99 Leyaks and Bheem killing 100 Leyaks ,emerging as the winner. Dholu, Bholu meet up with two pretty Indonesian girls, Aci and Ayu, falling in love with them. Meanwhile, Guru Bahula wanted to find out what kind of devils these Leyaks are, so he chants a mantra and sees Guyang, Rangda's sycophant taking two sheep of Bali to Rangda to be killed. Rangda reveals that after three days,she is going to destroy Agung Mountain to destroy Barong,the supreme god of Bali. She forms electrifying rays which hit Bahula on the other side,making him unconscious. Rangda sends Rarung,a demon to kill Bheem and Arjun. Both Bheem and Arjun soon make up as a team and kill Rarung. Just then,Rarung turns into a beautiful fairy named Sonmukhi who tells them every useful information about Rangda. The kids then form a monkey army to fight with Rangda.
Next day, Bheem and Arjun along with their friends set out for Agung Mountain to complete their mission. They come across a beautiful lake in Bali and cheer up Arjun by singing a funny song. Arjun runs to a hill and sees that Rangda is increasing her powers through a ritual. Bheem speaks about something to Arjun and he hugs Bheem,indication of their friendship. They set out in different directions,with Bheem heading towards Chief Dukun,leader of the Bali Agah Tribe while Arjun, Kalia, Dholu and Bholu encountering with Baruk, caretaker of a temple on Agung Mountain. Arjun explains to Baruk that Rangda is going to attack Agung Mountain the next day. Later in the night, Chief Dukun gives Bheem and his friends a few special weapons and soon they head towards the palace.
Meanwhile Kalia, Dholu and Bholu are day dreaming. On the other hand,Baruk reaches the temple along with Arjun and tells him that they take care of this temple because it has the supreme weapon, Keris which was used by Bali's last prince to fight Rangda. Arjun rushes inside to find Keris. Bheem and his friends reach the palace to stop Rangda from completing her rituals and to save Arjun's parents. They manage to rescue Arjun's parents but when Bheem tries to stop Rangda,she sends a demon named Shadow Rangda to trick Bheem. Bheem tries to stop Shadow Rangda,thinking it is Rangda but fails and falls down under the demolished palace and is trapped.
Chutki feels that Bheem should have reached back by then but he didn't so she,Raju and Jaggu go and look for Bheem. Rangda finishes her rituals and attacks Agung Mountain becoming stronger and more powerful. Arjun is still searching for Keris when he sees fire inside the palace and thinks that his parents have been killed. King Indraverma,Baruk and Chief Dukun along with their armies head towards Agung Mountain to fight Rangda and her Leyaks. A long fight ensues while on the other hand, Chutki, Raju and Jaggu are looking Bheem in the demolished palace. They fail to find and Jaggu calls his monkey army and they manage to find Bheem,the kids and the monkeys think that he is dead. But he opens his eyes and as soon as he eats two laddoos, he is full of energy. They head towards Agung Mountain along with Arjun's parents.
They all fight with great bravery and determination and soon Jaggu once again calls the monkey army to kill the Leyaks. King Indraverma reaches there with his army and they finished all Leyaks. Bheem finds Keris but accidentally gives it to Arjun who in an attempt to finish Rangda fails. Bheem jumps into boiling lava and is rescued by Barong. He explains to Bheem that not Arjun, he is the real prince. Bheem succeeds to finish Rangda and bring happiness and prosperity in Bali once and for all. Arjun's coronation takes place in the palace and the ceremony ends with a traditional Balinese dance as the film comes to an end.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is set in the town of Gurgaon, an industrial city near NCT Delhi. The film is presented from the view of ACP Arya Phogat (Prithviraj Sukumaran). ACP Arya, a police officer, has been brought up by his uncle, DCP Ravikant Phogat (Rishi Kapoor). His father, police inspector Vijaykant Phogat (Anupam Kher), had lost interest in life years back, after messing up an operation to kill Yashvardhan Singh (Jackie Shroff), due to lack of evidence against him. Yashvardhan’s wife, Veera (Tanvi Azmi), had become a police informer against her own husband and had to run away from him with one of her twin children Vishal (Arjun Kapoor) while Ajay is left with Yashvardhan. Vijaykant hides Vishal and Veera – whom he has begun to love – and passes it off as a botched encounter for which he takes the entire blame. Suspended from the police force, Vijaykant has a tough time over the years, caught between the love for his real family and son ACP Arya, and his adopted wife and son. Years later, just before he dies, he reveals to Arya that he has another wife and kid but doesn't reveal their real identity. Vijaykant dies few days later and Arya goes to meet Veera. There he is shocked to see Vishal, who is the exact replica of Ajay (Arjun Kapoor).
Ravikant, who is corrupt to the core, hatches a plot to expose the criminal activities of Yashvardhan, a mission left incomplete by his brother Vijaykant. He joins forces with nephew Arya and convinces Vishal to enter Yashvardhan’s house, posing as Ajay. To facilitate matters, Ajay is kidnapped by Ravikant and Arya and held captive by them, paving the way for Vishal to take his place and leak information about Yashvardhan's illegal activities to the police. Vishal has to pose as Ajay not just in front of his own father, Yashvardhan, but also in front of Neena Wadhwa (Amrita Singh), Yashvardhan's paramour and business partner. Vishal also has to feign an affair with his twin brother’s girlfriend, Ritu (Sashaa Agha). As days pass, Vishal falls in love with Ritu. Vishal keeps leaking information about his dad to Ravikant and Arya, who move forward in their exposé with the help of the incriminating evidence. On the other hand, Ravikant and Arya unite Ajay with mother Veera and also try to brainwash him (Ajay) into spilling the beans about his father’s illegal businesses before them.
Over time, Vishal develops a soft corner for his father and pleads for his safety from police. He also wins the confidence of his father, who is unaware that Vishal has replaced Ajay in the house. Calamity befalls Yashvardhan because of action initiated by Ravikant, and he has to be hospitalised. Vishal manipulates things in such a way that Neena has to resign from Yashvardhan Singh’s company. Even as the tension between Arya and foster-brothers Ajay and Vishal refuses to be diffused, the task before Ravikant and Arya becomes very difficult. To make matters more difficult for Ravikant, his son-in-law, Vishnu (Sumeet Vyas), lays his hands on evidence against Ravikant’s equally corrupt police officer-son, ACP Dev (Sikandar Kher). Since Vishnu is the only honest cop in the family, he threatens to expose brother-in-law Dev and in order to prevent this Dev kills Vishnu. Ravikant also plans to take over Yashvardhan's empire with help from Neena. Ravikant orders Arya to kill Veera and Ajay. Arya, disillusioned by Ravikant's inhuman attitude, finally understands the choice his father Vijaykant made earlier to protect Vishal and his mother.
Meanwhile, Vishal is called for a meeting by Neena and her new partner, Bilal. Ravikant wants Vishal to use the meeting to give him more information about Yashvardhan. Ravikant plans things in such a way that Yashvardhan would be killed once the meeting between Vishal and Neena is over. Arya realises that Ravikant wants to eliminate Yashvardhan not as much to complete brother Vijaykant’s mission as to take over Yashvardhan’s business empire. Also, Vishal has revenge written all over him because Neena’s son, Inder (Kavi Shastri), had killed Ritu. Here, Ajay finally relents and agrees to help Arya but he also wants his dad, Yashvardhan’s safety. Arya asks Ajay to attend the meeting in place of Vishal. Ajay kills Inder and when Inder's gang tries to kill Ajay, Arya's police team encounters all. Meanwhile Arya has sent Vishal to the Hospital to save Yashvardhan. He also arranges his Police force to raid the Hospital. However Dev sends back the team. He later corners Vishal and Yashvardhan in the Hospital Store Room. Just when Dev was about to kill them, Ajay appears and shoots him. Ajay and Yashvardhan convinces Vishal to escape. Just when Vishal escapes Dev shoots and kills Yashvardhan. In retaliation Ajay kills Dev. When Dev's team was about to kill Ajay, Arya's police force rescues him by arresting Ajay. Arya helps Vishal and Veera escape. Ravikant meets Arya and Arya informs that he has the recordings of Neena's meeting which will expose Ravikant. Ravikant shoots Arya and just when he was about to kill him Vishal comes back and kills Ravikant.
Arya, even though injured, rides back to his pregnant wife Suman (Swara Bhaskar). Vishal and Veera gets back to their earlier life while Ajay is jailed. The film then moves one year forward where we are shown that Ajay has re-united with Vishal and Veera once he is released from Jail. We also hear a voiceover of Arya saying "This system of collection has been in place for years. The money from this system goes all the way up to the seniors and ministers. The nexus is not going to come to an end with just my Uncle's death. The DCP said that only two powers would survive - the politicians and the corporates. But if a policeman doesn't take bribes from any of them then he won't fear them either." In the final scene we see Arya leaving Veera's home once he makes sure that Ajay is re-united with his family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Naina Talwar (Deepika Padukone) is a shy and nerdy medical student. She studies constantly and always tops her classes, but she feels like an outcast due to her introverted nature. An encounter with an old classmate, Aditi Mehra (Kalki Koechlin), makes her realize that she wants more from life than high marks. Thus, she makes an impulsive decision to follow Aditi on a hiking trip into the Himalayas, up to Manali without informing anyone. During the hike, she renews her friendship with other former classmates, Kabir "Bunny" Thapar (Ranbir Kapoor) and Avinash "Avi" Yog (Aditya Roy Kapur). Kabir is a handsome charmer whose dream is to wander and discover the world. He does not plan to marry or settle down. He lives with his supporting father whom he loves very much, and his step-mother. During their trip, seeing Aditi's silent reactions to Avi's constant flirting with other girls, Kabir and Naina realize that she is secretly in love with Avi, but do not bring the matter to surface.
In the course of the mountain trek, Kabir and Naina come closer to each other. Kabir teaches Naina to laugh, to play, and more importantly, to love. At the end of the trip, she is close to telling him how she feels but is interrupted by Avi. He accidentally finds a letter accepting Kabir into a graduate school in journalism, at Northwestern University in Chicago. Kabir explains that the trip is his last hometown adventure before he leaves. He is sad to leave his friends but happy to start a career that will lead to travelling, which he dreams of, and thus wanted to bring them along to Manali to give them a surprise. Naina realises that love and marriage have no part in Kabir's plans and remains silent about her feelings but is happy for him as he is following his passion.
Eight years pass with Naina finishing medical school and working in a clinic while Kabir works as a videographer for a travel show on FOX network and travels the world, as he had planned. It is shown that Kabir's father has died and due to Kabir's job in remote areas, he was not able to attend his last rites. Naina has moved ahead in life and is not waiting to meet Kabir, but they meet in Udaipur, for Aditi's lavish wedding to Taran (Kunaal Roy Kapur), an awkward but sweet engineer. At the wedding, Kabir and Avi renew their lost friendship.
Naina and Kabir are strongly attracted to each other again. Both resist love – Kabir, because he is not able to figure out that he is in love with Naina and Naina, as she doesn't want to get her heart broken again. A day before the wedding, Kabir sees Naina with another man, Vikram (Rana Daggubati), who is the wedding photographer. He is Naina's friend, but Kabir assumes him to be her boyfriend, feels jealous and argues with him, finally sending him away. Kabir and Naina meet, argue, and reveal their feelings by a kiss. Yet neither of them is willing to give up a career to follow the other. It seems that their romance is over. Kabir also confronts Aditi on her past crush on Avi. She admits that she had feelings for Avi but says that she has gotten over him and is extremely happy with Taran. Kabir leaves for home on the night of Aditi's wedding and will leave for Paris three weeks later for his dream job as a travel show host. On New Year's Eve, as Naina sits alone at home along with her dog, someone knocks on her door and it's Kabir. He surprises her with a kiss. He has turned down his dream job to be with Naina and proposes to her, but Naina fears that he might regret his decision in the future. However, Kabir says that he is happy with Naina and wants to continue travelling but with her. He argues that somehow they can make a life together. Naina agrees. Kabir and Naina then get engaged and finally declare their love properly for one another. They have a conference call between Aditi and Avi. Avi is at his bar and Aditi is at the airport as a newlywed leaving for her honeymoon with Taran. The friends find out about Kabir and Naina and are overwhelmed. Aditi states that she always kind of knew about the sparks between them. They all wish each other a Happy New Year and the film ends with Kabir and Naina smiling and embracing each other.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In Varanasi, Dharam Dhillon (Dharmendra) and his son Gajodhar—or Prem (Bobby Deol)—are conning people into thinking that Dharam is a guru named Yamla Baba. When Yograj Khanna (Annu Kapoor) comes from England to meet Dharam, Dharam notices Khanna's diamond rings. Dharam and Gajodhar pretend to own a company, Oberoi, Oberoi & Oberoi. Impressed, Yograj begins to consider a match for his daughter Suman (Neha Sharma). Suman falls in love with Gajodhar, and a marriage is arranged in England when Dharam's older son Paramveer (Sunny Deol)—a loan-recovery agent for a bank—meets Khanna.
Paramveer appears at Khanna's club as Joginder (Dude) Armstrong (Anupam Kher) arrives to take it over, and beats up Armstrong's flunkies and goons. Grateful, Khanna hires him as his manager. Paramveer then finds Dharam and Gajodhar trying to swindle his boss.
Dharam and Gajodhar go to a house occupied by an orangutan, Einstein, whose absent owner (a disciple of Yamla Baba) has allowed them to stay there. The next day they go to Khanna's house for Gajodhar and Suman's engagement party, at which Paramveer is a guest. Paramveer meets art-gallery employee Reet (Kristina), with whom he falls in love. After Suman and Gajodhar are engaged, Gajodhar and Dharam discover that Reet (not Suman) is Khanna's daughter.
Although Gajodhar woos Reet, she is interested in Paramveer. Dharam claims to have another child, Prem's twin Q (Deol). When Q meets the Khannas he claims to be a painter, which attracts Reet.
Q unsuccessfully tries to produce a painting. During the night Einstein paints a beautiful picture, which Q passes off as his own. The painting becomes famous, and will be sold at auction. Paramveer makes changes to Khanna's nightclub, and Khanna wants Q to be his guest of honor. At the party, Reet asks Paramveer how he feels about her. Drunk, he tries to reveal Q's identity when he is distracted by Armstrong's goons. The next morning Reet goes to Paramveer's house but leaves, heartbroken, when she sees a girl sleeping with him.
Preparations for Prem and Suman's marriage are underway. Reet agrees to marry Q, and Paramveer wants a joint wedding. Dharam tries to convince Suman that Prem is impotent, and anyone who marries him will die in seven months. Despite this, Suman tells Prem that she loves him and Prem falls in love with her. When he goes to tell the truth to the Khannas, Armstrong's goons kidnap him, Dharam and the Khannas. Prem reveals the truth, Param saves everyone from the goons and proposes to Reet (which she accepts), and the film ends happily.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is set in Delhi, where four "Fukrey" (a colloquial Punjabi term for slackers) boys, come together to make easy money.
The group includes two school backbenchers, Hunny (Pulkit Samrat) and Choocha (Varun Sharma), who are perpetually dreaming of making it big. They want to get into the local college but don't have the grades. The college guard Pandit (Pankaj Tripathi) tells them that he can leak to them the class XII papers at a rate of ₹ 50,000 per subject. Through Pandit (Pankaj Tripathi) they meet Zafar (Ali Fazal), a former student of the college and a struggling musician. The fourth character is Lali (Manjot Singh), whose father runs a sweet shop. Lali is currently pursuing his degree through correspondence and like Hunny and Choocha also wants to get into the same college but doesn't have the marks. Pandit tells Lali to donate ₹ 250,000 in the college development fund to get a seat in return. Zafar's girlfriend, Neetu (Vishakha Singh), has broken up with him and his father is critically ill and needs money for his treatment.
The four meet up at Pandit's office where Hunny explains his scheme. Each night Choocha has a dream, which Hunny later interprets as a lottery number, which they buy and win. And for every rupee invested, they get ten rupees (basically ten times) back. However, since now they all together need a lot of money, they need someone to invest lakhs. So, on Zafar's insistence, Pandit takes them to meet a local gangster, Bholi Punjaban (Richa Chadda) where Hunny tells them their scheme. Bholi is ready to invest and Lali also gives his shop papers as mortgage. Bholi tells them to come the next day with the number. However, the same night everyone except Choocha falls asleep.
The next morning, Choocha narrates a fake dream which Hunny interprets and gets a number. They go to Bholi and tell the number. But it backfires and Bholi loses her money. Now to recover her money, she gives them a packet containing drug pills which Zafar, Hunny and Lali have to sell at a rave party the same night. She keeps Choocha as security with her. At the party, Police and Narcotics teams conduct a raid and Lali escapes with packet with the police chasing him. Lali manages to fool the police and reaches Neetu's place. He also sees Zafar there. Neetu throws the drugs down the drain just as the police are about to search her home. The police leave her place warning Lali. Zafar in the meanwhile tells the whole story to Neetu. Lali also calls Choocha telling him to run from Bholi's house which he succeeds in doing.
The next morning, all the five land up at Bholi's place. She gives them 24 hours to pay all the money due otherwise she would take the money by selling Lali's shop. The four are fighting at Zafar's place where Choocha tells them the truth about not seeing the dream. However, he tells them that he slept last night and he saw a dream. Zafar is not interested while Lali, Hunny and Neetu are. Hunny interprets the dream but they are short of cash even after Neetu is ready to give her savings. However, next morning Lali is able to borrow cash from a homeless man who used to remove parts from Lali's motorbike. They invest and win a huge amount. Meanwhile, Zafar, in fear, meets the Narcotics Team telling them the truth and also calls Neetu, Lali, Choocha and Hunny where they confess to the police.
They go to Bholi's house and give her the money. Then Hunny tells Bholi that he wants to sell those drug pills again and gives her an advance. Impressed Bholi goes inside and returns with the pills only to be caught red handed by the police and Narcotics who have raided her home. In a flashback, it is shown that while Hunny, Choocha, Lali and Neetu were investing the money, Zafar met the Narcotics division and made a plan to catch Bholi. Now with Bholi behind bars, the police pardon the four and they are free.
Three months later, it is shown that Hunny and Choocha are entering the same college on horses as they had planned in the beginning of the film while Pandit is shocked and Lali, Zafar and Neetu are having a good laugh.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dr. Romesh (Arjun Mathur) was a young medical intern who dared to dream. He was in awe of Dr. Asthana (Kay Kay Menon), the Chief Surgeon of the Shekhawat General Hospital. All he wanted was to be like him. He lived in with Dr. Riya Srivastav (Vishakha Singh), his co-intern and the love of his life.
However, when an eight-year-old boy, Ankur Arora dies due to Dr. Asthana's medical negligence, Romesh realises that a good surgeon is not necessarily a good person.
Together with Ankur's mother Nandita Arora (Tisca Chopra), and lawyer Kajori Sen (Paoli Dam), Dr. Romesh sets out on a turbulent journey to fight for what is right. A fight for justice against his mentor, the hospital and the love of his life who was initially against him for the fear of ruining her career and future. All the necessary evidences against Dr. Asthana were destroyed or literally snatched.The witnesses like Dr. Riya, who was the witness of the operation on the day of the operation, and the nurse Rosina who had informed Dr.Asthana about Ankur's eating food before the operation, also lied in the court. But later, Riya shoots the confession outburst by Dr.Asthana in her mobile, thus leading to the arrest of Dr.Asthana. Truth won no matter how influential the culprits were and how weak the evidences were.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kundan Shankar (Dhanush) is the only son of a Tamil Hindu parents settled in Varanasi. Since his childhood, Kundan has had a strong and obsessive one-sided love for Zoya Haider (Sonam Kapoor), a Muslim girl residing in the same neighborhood. He always attempts to be around her but gets slapped several times in the process. Zoya finally changes her mind because of Kundan's consistency of affection. Her family is orthodox, preventing the lovers from being together. After Zoya moves to Aligarh for further studies, Kundan harmonizes with Zoya's family, assisting them with chores. Zoya gets into Jawaharlal Nehru University and discovers a long-lost strength as she confronts and then falls for student leader Akram Zaidi (Abhay Deol).
After eight years, Zoya returns to Varanasi, barely recognizing Kundan when she meets him again. Kundan again attempts to ask Zoya for her love but she is reluctant, revealing that she is in love with Akram. She urges Kundan to convince her family about her marriage with Akram. Kundan eventually agrees and gets their wedding arranged, promising Zoya that he will also marry someone else and forget her. He proposes to his childhood friend Bindiya (Swara Bhaskar), who has had a crush on him since childhood.
On the day of Zoya's marriage, Kundan finds out that Akram is a Sikh, whose actual name is Jasjeet Singh Shergill. This enrages him, as Zoya had used their religious differences to convince him that their match was not possible. He crashes the wedding ceremony and reveals the truth to Zoya's parents. Kundan is later informed that Zoya tried to commit suicide, and Jasjeet was mercilessly beaten by Zoya's relatives. At the hospital, Jasjeet tells Kundan that Zoya convinced him to portray himself as Muslim to marry her, a plan he should not have agreed to. While with Jasjeet, Kundan forgets about his own marriage ceremony with Bindiya, taking place that day, and is too late when he returns. Hurt and angry, Kundan's family disowns him. Jasjeet's parents take him back to his village. Kundan tries to redeem himself by taking Zoya to Jasjeet's village. There, he is devastated to find that Jasjeet has succumbed to his injuries, finally understanding that his one-sided love has resulted in an innocent man's death.
Kundan becomes a homeless vagrant and begins visiting various religious places and volunteering in their activities so that he can atone for his sins. During one such visit, a man advises him to do the right thing rather than run away from his sins. Motivated, Kundan locates Zoya to her university, where she is spearheading the political party "All India Citizen Party" (AICP), that had been created by Jasjeet. Kundan joins the nearby canteen and serves the party, while trying to get Zoya's attention. Over time, he becomes popular with the party due to his simple nature. They're also impressed when Kundan helps them in negotiating some tough situations by using his simplistic witty tricks. However, Zoya holds a grudge that the person who is responsible for Jasjeet's death is now taking his place. She tries to instigate party members against Kundan but Jasjeet's sister Rashmi (Shilpi Marwaha) tells Kundan to continue, as he is the best choice for fulfilling Jasjeet's vision.
Kundan, however, only wants Zoya to forgive him. The Chief Minister tells Zoya that she must get revenge on Kundan. To get back Jasjeet's position, she tells Zoya to let Kundan get injured as he delivers his campaign speech. Zoya apparently seems to get brainwashed by this plan and as the Chief Minister desired, Kundan is hurt badly and sent to ICU, thus fulfilling Zoya's revenge.
At a press meet, the Chief Minister denies having any hand in the blast that hurt Kundan. However, Zoya steps forward and reveals that the plan was plotted by her and the Chief Minister and that she is prepared to go to prison for this. Zoya then finds out that Kundan was aware of the plot and still let himself be injured. Shocked, she rushes to the hospital to be with him.
In a final voiceover, a dying Kundan wonders about letting go. He says he might have the desire to live again if Zoya called out to him, but then again, everything has become so tiring, he would rather let go and rest (euphemism for dying). He says that he can be born again and again in the same Varanasi, fall in love with a girl like Zoya again, and become a Raanjhanaa (Beloved one) in her love. Then he slowly dies.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Enemmy follows daredevil CID officers against an underworld don.
Four under cover cops Eklavya (Sunil Shetty), Naeem (Kay Kay Menon), Madhav (Mahaakshay Chakraborty) and Eric (Johny Lever) get the assignment to stop a gang war over a missing sum of money.They manage to put under world don Mukhtar Memon (Zakir Hussain) behind the bars but that doesn't solve the problem. Later, a senior CBI officer Yugantar (Mithun Chakraborty) starts investigating the case.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sanjay Athray aka 'Sanju' (Emraan Hashmi) is a master safe cracker who maintains a casual lifestyle with his wife Neetu (Vidya Balan). He meets two criminals, Pandit and Idris and they offer him a chance to assist a bank robbery. If the heist is successful, they will ensure that he never has to worry about money again, so he accepts the offer. The three thieves make off with 35 crore rupees. After the bank robbery, Pandit tells them that they'll meet after three months and then they'll spilt the money, so Pandit and Idris let Sanjay hid the money. After 3 months, Pandit and Idris discovers that Sanjay lost his memory. Pandit and Idris decide that they will stay at Sanjay and Neetu's house until Sanjay remembers where he hid the money and to make sure they're not cheated and they give Sanjay for one week time. Sanjay tries to remember where he hid the money.
When Sanjay learns that his college friend Uttam Nagpal (Parvin Dabas) has become an overnight millionaire, apparently by winning a lottery, he suspects Neetu of knowing the hiding place of the money and of conspiring with his friend. Uttam moves to London after being confronted about the money. Sanjay finds out that Neetu has purchased a one-way ticket for London.
An unknown person contacts Sanjay and urges him to divulge the location of the money. Under pressure, Pandit and Idris kidnap Neetu and ask Sanjay to meet them in a train station, on the third platform at 1:30am. When both Pandit and Idris confront Sanjay and demand the money, Sanjay claims that he doesn't even recognise the two.
When Sanjay tells them that Neetu knew where the money was, Idris begins to lose control. When he pulls his gun, he is shot by an unknown person and kills Pandit in a rage in the train. It turns out he was that unknown person who called Sanjay earlier and he originally devised the bank robbery plan and now wants his share. Sanjay tries to defend himself with his only weapon, a fork. After persistently questioning and trying to blackmail Sanjay, the unknown person shoots Neetu, hoping that the traumatic vision of his wife's suffering will make Sanjay reveal the truth. This fails, however, since Sanjay has in fact lost his memory. He searches Sanjay's pockets, only to find his second weapon, a banana. In retaliation he shoots Sanjay in the shoulder and leaves the train.
Sanjay's phone rings and he finds his mother on the line. Sanjay has completely forgotten his identity and doesn't recognise his mother, but she says she has a suitcase that Sanjay gave her to keep three months ago, and if he doesn't come soon, she'll give it to the junk dealer. It reveals that Sanjay's mother has the money. The unknown person overhears this and jumps on the train just as it's starting, but he slips on Sanjay's banana and impales his neck on Sanjay's fork. Sanjay, bereft, confused and tired, throws his phone out of the train while Neetu smiles. Sanjay has no idea what's going on, but the train goes on its way with the dead bodies of the unknown person, Pandit and Idris.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Lootera is inspired by O. Henry's The Last Leaf. In the picturesque town of Manikpur, West Bengal in 1953, a landlord goes to watch a Chhau dance with his daughter, Pakhi Roy Chaudhary (Sonakshi Sinha), an aspiring writer. After Pakhi has an asthma attack from the ensuing excitement, she is rushed home and given medication. As she recuperates, her father comforts her and narrates the story of the invincible king of the Bheel tribe whose soul resided inside a parrot, telling her that she is the parrot within whom his life resides.
One day, while learning to drive a car, Pakhi accidentally bumps into a motorcycle and mildly injures a handsome youth. A few days later, the same youth introduces himself to the landlord as Varun Shrivastav (Ranveer Singh), an archaeologist who wants to study the land surrounding the temple that the landlord owns. Over the next few weeks, Varun charms the landlord and his daughter with his knowledge and persona, and is invited, along with his assistant, to live at their home.
Soon, love brews between Varun and Pakhi as they bond over art and literature, and their love culminates into a passionate affair. Meanwhile, an act passed by the Indian government debars the power of landlords, causing tension in the Chaudhary household. The ancient artefacts the family owns must be sold, and Varun helps arrange the purchases.
As Varun's stay comes to an end, he asks Pakhi's father for her hand in marriage, and preparations of their wedding begin. Before the wedding, Varun's uncle, who has raised him, arrives and discourages Varun from marriage, stating that Varun will only give Pakhi grief because of the danger of what he does for a living—people like them are not meant to fall in love and have normal lives. Varun is conflicted but agrees and makes his choice: he and his assistant flee that very night, along with all the valuables they stole from the landlord. On the wedding day, Varun is nowhere to be found, and it is discovered that the idols from the temple have been stolen and the currency notes from the purchase that Varun arranged of the family's artifacts are all counterfeit.
A year later, a sick Pakhi is living all alone in Dalhousie.Except for her maid,she has no company. Her father has died and she has still not recovered from her heartbreak . When a police inspector asks her in helping him nab Varun, she refuses to do so, wanting only to forget him. Soon after, Varun and his friend turn up at Dalhousie for their next heist and stay at a lodge on Pakhi's property. Things turn ugly when the police gets wind of their whereabouts and a chase ensues. Varun accidentally kills his friend and a constable,and is injured in the encounter. He removes the bullet and then goes to seek refuge in Pakhi's house.
Pakhi and her maid try to turn him over to the police,but hr threatens them. Pakhi gives in,but she is nevertheless enraged and repels Varun's comforting advances and explanation. In a letter, she explains to him that she is dying of tuberculosis and will die the day the last leaf falls from the wilting tree outside the window. Her maid leaves the house promising Varun that he wouldn't be reported to the police.
Varun plans his escape but refuses to go, and takes care of the ailing Pakhi instead. He confesses that he has regretted letting her go since the day he fled. Soon, Pakhi warms up to him and her faith remains intact when each day she finds one last leaf remaining on the tree.
Eventually, it is revealed that apart from taking care of Pakhi, Varun would also paint a leaf. He tied it on a branch of the tree before he left so that she doesn't give up hope. It was his masterpiece. In the end, as he is about to escape, Varun is shot down by the police. Pakhi realises the truth after she looks at the painted leaf closely, and smiles with tears in her eyes.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins with a man (Sanjay Dutt) drinking beer early in the morning and then following up with having beer and idli. He later steals a bike and goes to the police station to get commission from the police inspector. He then meets a man who takes him to a place where they sell guns and bombs. Finally, he meets a local gangster who hires him to kill a minister. He then kills the gangster and his henchmen and reveals himself as DCP Rudra, the new cop in town, near the Andhra Pradesh-Maharashtra border.
The city is riddled with crime and corruption and his controlled by Nagori Subramaniam (Prakash Raj) the local mafia. Initially, Rudra closes down a lot of businesses of Nagori. But when Rudra meets Nagori, he reveals that he is also corrupt cop like others and even takes bribe on a condition that Nagori accepts certain points. Nagori accepts and there is truce between the two.
Conflict starts when residents complain about a petrol bunk selling less petrol to the public and a lady beaten up when she complained. The bunk is owned by Nagori. Rudra beats up the employees of the bunk as well as Nagori's henchmen. A war emerges between the two.
Nagori then calls for a bandh of the market place. But on the day of bandh, Rudra and his team are prepared and drive away all the protestors. Rudra becomes a hero for the people of the city. But Nagori exacts his revenge by causing a riot in the market place and also blowing up a bomb killing many people on the very same day Rudra is marrying Seher (Prachi Desai). Nagori then tries to kidnap Seher but Rudra saves her life in time. Rudra's activities invites the wrath of the Police commissioner who tries to control Rudra but in vain.
Rudra then receives his transfer orders and has seven days left in the town. He challenges Nagori that seven days is enough to finish him. The next day, Nagori's men take out a procession with the aim to kill Rudra. But Rudra and his team are prepared and he along with his men kill many of Nagori's men including a MLA and blames the crowd for the mishaps.
Rudra then kidnaps Nagori's close accomplice who confess for his and Nagori's involvement in the bomb blast and gets a warrant to arrest Nagori. Rudra is then called to a meeting by the commissioner where MLAs, MPs, Senior Police Officers and Ministers threaten him. He smartly controls them by claiming that his pen has a camera and a voice recorder and he'll release the footage to media. Nagori goes into hiding after knowing that Rudra can't be stopped.
A couple of days later, Rudra catches Nagori who is dressed as a beggar near the temple. He takes Nagori to secluded spot after beating all his henchmen. He then kills Nagori by burning him to death ensuring that Nagori is never found and is declared as a wanted criminal.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, where a coach says "Bhaag Milkha Bhaag!" The runner is taken back to the memories of his childhood days which haunt him, resulting in him dropping to fourth. Partition of India in 1947 caused chaos which resulted in mass religious violence in Punjab in British India, killing the parents of Milkha Singh (Farhan Akhtar). He reaches Delhi and later meets his sister there. Living in impoverished refugee camps, Milkha makes friends and survives by stealing with them. He falls in love with Biro (Sonam Kapoor), but she asks him to live a life of honesty.
Milkha finds himself in the army where he gets noticed by a havaldar (sergeant) after he wins a race in which the top 10 runners will get milk, two eggs and excused from exercise. He gets selected for service commission where he is miffed and gets beaten up by senior players whom he had defeated earlier, on the day before selection of Indian team for Olympics. In spite of being injured, he participates in the race. Overcoming his pain, he wins the race thus breaking the national record.
During the Melbourne 1956 Olympics he is attracted to the granddaughter of his Australian technical coach. After a frolicking night in a bar, they have a one-night stand. The following day he feels exhausted from the night's activities and loses the final race. He realizes his mistake. Suffering from guilt, he even slaps himself in front of a mirror. On the flight back to India he asks his coach what the world record is for the 400m race and learns that it is 45.90 seconds. He trains hard and wins in several places. He then breaks the previous world record for the 400m race with a time of 45.80 seconds.
Jawaharlal Nehru (Dalip Tahil), the prime minister, convinces him to lead the Indian team in Pakistan for a friendly race with Abdul Khaliq (Dev Gill), also known as the fastest man of Asia. In Pakistan he misses the press conference and goes to his village where, in a flashback, it is shown how his parents were murdered and the last words of his father were "Bhaag Milkha Bhaag!" He starts crying and is comforted by a boy who turns out to be his childhood friend's son. He also meets his friend Sampreet.
In the games, initially the Pakistani favorite is winning, but Milkha takes the lead overtaking opponents one by one, taking a convincing lead, and winning the race and respect of the two nations. The president of Pakistan, General Ayub Khan, impressed by his effort gives him the title "The Flying Sikh". Jawaharlal Nehru declares a day in the name of Milkha as national holiday as desired by Milkha himself.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sixteen is a story about lost innocence and teenage heartache in urban India In the times of the Internet, Page 3 in newspapers and more than 300 TV channels, innocence of the youth is the first victim of overexposure.
Anu is a carefree and ambitious girl who wants to be a model. Nidhi is an innocent virgin and is usually taunted by her peers for being so. Tanisha is mature for her age and likes handsome guys with a good sense of humour and intelligence. She lives with her aunt since her parents died in an accident. Ashwin belongs to a middle-class family with a strict father who wants him to be an IAS Officer.
Nidhi is going out with Kartik. Kartik wants to take things further but Nidhi wants to wait for the 'right time and the right place'. Tanisha and Ashwin are best friends, but Ashwin has a crush on Tanisha, while she sees him only as a friend. Anu changes her boyfriends all the time. A handsome and intelligent writer Vikram Kapoor comes to live as a tenant at Tanisha's place, and he immediately develops feelings for her due to events in his past.
One day, Ashwin confesses his feelings to Tanisha. She politely denies him, and he is devastated, and nearly commits suicide. On the same day, Ashwin's father finds porn on his computer and beats him up. Ashwin retaliates, hits his father with one of his achievement trophies, and his father dies. His mother falsely confesses that she did it and takes the blame. Ashwin runs away from his house, and the next day, is confronted by a gang of young criminals, who induct him into their gang.
To make things more complicated, even Tanisha's aunt develops feelings for Vikram and reveals them to him, Anu comes to know that her parents are in an open marriage and is devastated, and after a few days, Nidhi suspects that she is pregnant. Anu goes to buy a pregnancy test kit for her and bumps into her ex-boyfriend, who asks her why she dumped him. Anu humiliates him badly and leaves.
Nidhi finds out that she is now pregnant with Kartik's baby. They decide on abortion, but due to some complications, Nidhi is shifted to another hospital. She has to stay there for two days. Nidhi lies to her mother about where she is.
Meanwhile, Anu comes to know that her ex-boyfriend has leaked an MMS depicting her in a compromising position. She is rusticated from her school for that. Tanisha finds out that Vikram is leaving for London soon. A female rival of Nidhi, Anu and Tanisha tells Nidhi's mother why she actually is in hospital. Her parents rush to the hospital and comfort her.
Ashwin's gang decides to rob a house whose only occupant is an old man. While executing their plan, Ashwin is confronted, and is about to kill the old man when he says that his son is an IES Officer. Ashwin breaks down and bursts into tears. Anu is about to commit suicide when her brother calls her and tells her that he is arriving next weekend. On hearing this, she quits her suicide attempt. Tanisha, sad that Vikram is about to leave the next day, goes and sleeps in his room with him.
One year later, Nidhi is enrolled in an all-girls school. Anu has applied for the Miss India contest and her parents are supportive of her, and she loves them. Vikram has written a novel named 'Sixteen' which is nominated for the Booker Prize finals. Anu, Tanisha and Nidhi decided to go and meet Ashwin in the juvenile correction home he was kept in. Tanisha kisses Ashwin on the cheek, indicating that she has started liking him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins with the death of the parents of Mukesh, a teenager who has just graduated from senior high school. The boy's grandfather puts his most unfriendly aunt as care in charge of wealth. Mukesh, meanwhile struggles to get on with his aunt's family who refuses to provide him pocket money for his day to day expenses. He tries his best to study during his 1st year B.A. course. He also constantly worries about his two sisters who are put in a girl's home. Mukesh develops friendship with Johnny, an undertaker, in Delhi's graveyard, over the interest of playing chess. Johnny always tells him that, he has a brother in Mauritius who invites him to live there, but he cannot go as he has no money and that the day he will have enough money in hands, he will pack his bags and leave the country.
Then, Mukesh is introduced to "Sarika" aunty, one of the neighbors, during a get together. He once happens to go to Sarika's home to get apples, after which he is seduced by Sarika who uses his youthful body. She tempts him and also pays him for his services. Mukesh when questioned by his aunt about his new found money replies that he earned it by giving tutions. Sarika introduces Mukesh to many such "hungry" aunts who finally make him a male prostitute. Once, Mukesh gets into a hot scene with Sarika and Sarika's husband suddenly comes to know of this. He complains to Mukesh' aunt that Mukesh had been seeking a loan from Sarika and tried to kiss her. This makes Mukesh's aunt throw him out of the house.
Nowhere to go, Mukesh comes to Johnny's house and stays with him. Sarika refuses to stay in touch with him and makes sure that none of her female friends who were Mukesh's clients, entertain him. Frustrated, Mukesh asks Johnny to go to Sarika and ask for the money she owes him. Johnny comes back saying that she refused to do so and threatened to call the police.
Mukesh's sisters are having a hard time at the orphanage misdoings happening everywhere around them. In desperation, Mukesh decides to offer his sexual services even to men. In that process, he gets raped and beaten up by three troublemakers to whom he offers to have sex for money, which they obviously do not pay.
Mukesh feels betrayed by Sarika who has been the cause for his life's ruin. He barges into her home and demands money that is due to him. Sarika replies that she gave away his money to Johnny when Mukesh had sent him. Mukesh refuses to believe her words. Meanwhile, Ashok(Sarika's husband) arrives home,sees door locked inside. He suspects adultery and threatens to disclose her to public, if she didn't open the door. Sarika draws Mukesh closer and she makes him stab her lightly to create the scene against Mukesh .In a state of shock, Mukesh stabs her three more times till her death in front of her husband and runs away to Johnny's house.
Meanwhile, Mukesh's two sisters call him and tell him that they have absconded from the orphanage due to ill-treatment from the warden. Mukesh gets up and looks puzzled at house, he cannot find either Johnny or his things. He calls him only to find out that Johnny has left for Mauritius using his money. Looking deceived and frustrated, he receives another call from his sister to pick them up at the railway station. Unable to answer, Mukesh tells them to wait till he arrives. On his way to station, Mukesh is seen by the police. Police chase Mukesh all the way to the top of a building's balcony. There is no way ahead and the police point a gun at him, making him stop. As the police come near him, he receives a phone call from his sisters again. With no way left, he jumps from the balcony and dies.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie "Boys Toh Boys Hain" is based on the lines of the celebrated comic book but set in Delhi instead of River dale. It's a movie with youthful story of four young guys who face the similar problem in their life. They are looking to fall in love but the right woman does not seem to be coming their way. The crux of the story is how they eventually find their way to their true love. All this is happening in comic way so we can say that there is laughter in the movie.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ram (Girish Kumar) is a rich, city boy, born to billionaire parents and brought up in Australia. On the other hand, Sona (Shruti Hassan) is a traditional, simple desi girl from Punjab who is brought up by her only brother, Raghuveer (Sonu Sood). He is heartbroken when their father marries another woman and throws them out of the house, humiliating them on the way. Their mother dies and her tomb is built on the small land which they own until the zamindar tells them that it is his land, since their mother had taken a loan from the man. Raghuveer volunteers to work day and night, to pay off the loan as long as they don't tear down his mother's tomb. The Zamindar agrees and the local station master helps them. Slowly Raghuveer and Sona grow up. One day, Riya, Sona's best friend, comes to their house to invite Sona to their house as she is getting married. Riya's cousin, Ram also arrives on the same day with his mother, Ashwini (Poonam Dhillon).
Slowly Ram and Sona fall in love but Ram's mother does not bear it as Sona is not as rich as them, and is thus not to their standards; Ram is also to be married to Ashwini's brother's business partner's daughter, Dolly. Ashwini humiliates Sona as well as Raghuveer, who arrives a minute before, and both are thrown of the house after Ashwini accuses them of trying to entice and trap Ram. When Ram learns of this, he goes to Sona's house and pleads to her brother to accept him. Raghuveer gives him a chance, just like he was given a chance by the Zamindar when he was little. Ram is tasked to take care of the cows, clean up after them and grow more crops than Raghuveer by the end of the season; if he does not, Ram will be thrown out of the village and can never see Sona again. The Zamindar and his son is not happy as the Zamindar's son wanted to marry Sona. With them and Dolly and her father trying to get Ram to lose the competition, Ram has to work hard for his love, eating red chillies and rice everyday, even though he can't bear it. Through many antics from the Zamindar's side and Dolly's side, Ram eventually proves his love for Sona to Raghuveer, and succeeds in growing more grains. However, Zamindar & his son kidnap Sona and then later tries to rape her. Ram kills the Rao and Zamindar's son, Raghuveer Brutally beats Jayprakash and Zamindar . Raghuveer, after realizing that Ram and Sona should be together, takes the blame for this and spends 7 years in prison. The movie ends with Raghuveer's release from prison which is also when Sona and Ram get married, in everyone's presence. Ashwini then accepts Sona to be her daughter-in-law.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Agent Wali Khan (Irrfan Khan), appointed by the Chief of Indian intelligence agency Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), Ashwini Rao (Nassar), has been on a mission for nine years to keep an eye out for the activities of India's most wanted D-Company leader, Goldman (Rishi Kapoor) while working as a local barber as a cover.One day he notices Goldman talking about his son's wedding cards to people in the mosque where he prays and comes to know that his son is getting married and Goldman is breaking his security protocol to attend that.The same is confirmed by an ISI operative who works part-time as Goldman's bodyguard and is a neighbor and friend of Wali though he doesn't know the truth about Wali's connections to Indian Intelligence. Sensing a chance to nab Goldman alive he informs Ashwini about the same who assembles a team quickly - Ex-Indian Army officer and mercenary,Rudra Pratap Singh (Arjun Rampal), RAW.'s explosives expert, Zoya Rehman (Huma Qureshi), and Aslam, a Mumbai thief and a murderer who was given a chance of freedom by participating in this mission. On the day of the wedding, Wali sees his wife and son off at the airport, where they are meant to fly to London. Wali goes home and stages his family's death in the hopes that the ISI will not put them in harm's way and he can join them after the mission is accomplished. However, all flights to Europe are cancelled, stranding Wali's wife and son at the airport. When Wali's wife calls up Wali his phone is switched off and she learns her house is on fire. Disturbed and upset about not being able to locate Wali she informs the airport security about the same. The airport security personnel runs a check to see and discovers that three bodies have been recovered. Suspicious at the coverup he summons the ISI.The ISI while questioning Zoya and her son Kabir notices kabir holding some pencils that belong to the same hotel where Goldman's son is about to get married. When asked Kabir informs that the pencils were given to him by Wali a couple of days back. Realizing that Wali is an operative out to get Goldman ISI alerts their counterparts who are at the wedding.As a result, Wali, Rudra, Zoya, and Aslam's plan to capture Goldman is placed in jeopardy. Goldman escapes unscathed and the four agents have to go into hiding. Embarrassed at the failure of their operation, the Indian government disavows the four agents; only Ashwini remains their ally, but he is forced to resign. Aslam is captured and tortured by Goldman's nephew when he tries to escape through the Karachi docks. He is rescued by Rudra, who was trying to take revenge on Goldman's nephew for murdering Rudra's lover, Suraiya (Shruti Hassan), a Pakistani prostitute. Upon hearing that Wali's wife has died and that his son is in ISI custody, the four agents decide to find a way to finish their mission, despite the government having abandoned them.
The ISI decides that Goldman is too much of a liability to continue protecting, so they decide to kill him. Before they can, the four RAW agents take out the ISI and take Goldman hostage. Wali notifies Ashwini, who works to find them a safe route out of Pakistan. Goldman taunts Wali by telling him that his wife and son are actually still alive, and that he can arrange their reunion. Wali is torn between accepting Goldman's help and finishing his mission, to the point where he shoots Rudra to take control of the group. Ashwini tells them to be at Checkpost 35 before 6am. At the same time, Wali arranges a meeting with ISI, proposing an exchange of Goldman for his wife and child. After tying up Rudra and disarming Zoya, Wali leaves with Goldman. Zoya then frees Rudra and they also leave.
Wali drives to Checkpost 40 but is shot and killed by Pakistani forces, who, unbeknownst to Wali, have poisoned and killed his wife and son. As Wali's car is examined, it is revealed that Wali did not actually bring Goldman with him; he had apparently anticipated the Pakistani betrayal, and had left Goldman in the car that Zoya and Rudra had taken. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that this was a plan hatched by Wali and Rudra in order to get Goldman to cooperate and give Rudra and Zoya time to get Goldman across the border to India. The Pakistani forces give Rudra and Zoya chase and only barely miss them before they bring Goldman over the border, where Ashwini is waiting. Once across, Goldman taunts them by saying how nothing has changed in India and he will be released soon and is able to continue his works. Rudra shoots Goldman in the head, indicating that he is the face of the "New India."
-----------------------------------------------------------
Aaliya Kamal (Aida El-Kashef) is a visually impaired and celebrated Egyptian photographer in the process of undergoing a cornea transplant that will restore her vision. Though the surgery is a success and Aaliya’s vision is restored, she has trouble adjusting to her new found sense of sight and is dissatisfied with her resulting photography.
Maitreya (Neeraj Kabi), an erudite Jain monk, is part of a petition to ban animal testing in India. When he is diagnosed with liver cirrhosis, his reluctance towards animal tested medication is questioned and he must now depend on the people he’s been fighting against – a path he refuses to take.
A young Indian stockbroker, Navin (Sohum Shah), has just received a new kidney. He soon learns of a case of organ theft involving an impoverished bricklayer, Shankar. He initially fears that his new kidney was the one stolen from Shankar. When he learns that the recipient of the kidney lives in Sweden, he decides to go there to help Shankar get his kidney back – but is Shankar perhaps better helped by a large financial settlement instead of having two kidneys again.
Ship of Theseus ends with the Platonic Allegory of the cave. The philosopher Plato argues that human beings are imprisoned in the cave of their own existence, falsely believing the temporary as having permanence. The job of a philosopher, he argues, is to help people find a way out of the cave.
In the last scene of the film, we see the shadow of the man in the walls of the cave he is exploring. Those who received his organs (including Aaliya,Maitreya and Navin), watch this short clip. The man who we see only as the shadow in this clip, did not make it out of the allegorical prison-cave described by Plato.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A crooked businessman Mohanlal Sabbarwahl (Ravi Kissen) swindles people of their hard-earned money and frames an honest bank officer, Mr. Baweja, and his assistant Zaira. Unable to handle the humiliation of having been arrested, Baweja dies due to cardiac arrest. Now Sukhi (Tusshar Kapoor), Mrs. Baweja aka mummyji (Dolly Ahluwalia), Zaira's husband Mintoo (Vinay Pathak) and their well-wisher Ballu (Ranvir Shorey) must somehow return 15 crore to the investors to save Baweja's name and to free Zaira. They devise various plans to con Sabbarwahl and strategically loot back the investor's money.
In their first act Sukhi and Ballu do a sting operation on the principal of a school run by Sabbarwahl and extort 3 crore from him. Next Mummyji and Mintoo, disguised as food inspectors, raid Sabbarwahl's milk factory where his two brothers-in-law were producing artificial milk. Sabbarwahl asks them to secretly transfer all the cash in the factory to his girlfriend's flat in a fridge. Sukhi and Ballu follow them and try to exchange the fridge with an empty one but Sabbarwahl reaches the flat on time and the plan fails. This creates a rift between Suhki and Ballu.
As per their last plan, Sukhi's girlfriend Manpreet (Vishakha Singh), posing as dance trainer, goes to Sabbarwahl's house to spy on him. They soon come to know that Sabbarwahl, busy preparing for his daughter's wedding, has promised to pay 15 crore to her in-laws, the Kapoors. Meanwhile, Mummyji and Mintoo, disguised as Hansal builders, instigate the Kapoors against Sabbarwahl. Finally on the wedding night, Sukhi and Ballu dressed as caterers sneak into Sabbarwahl's farmhouse and hide all the money in gift packs. Sabbarwahl unknowingly distributes all the money hidden in gift boxes to guests who were actually the investors. On knowing the truth about Sukhi and the group, Sabbarwahl attacks them with a gun, only to be confronted by his own daughter. Sabbarwahl confesses to his crime and is later jailed for seven years, which completes the revenge of the Baweja family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is set in Panchgani, a hill station. Saahil and his gang of friends are a bunch of teenagers in school who have their share of fun and pranks. Saahil has a girlfriend called Tia. During the summer break, he and his friends are introduced to Anita, the new dramatics teacher. She decides to make them do a play. All the boys in the group fall for her beauty and persona. But its Saahil who gets the most intrigued by her. Slowly, he realises he cannot think of anything but her. As rehearsals of the play go on, he innocently starts to fantasize about being with her.
One day while rehearsing for the play, Anita's boyfriend Samuel turns up at home and surprises her. Anita and Sam are a happy couple which makes Saahil envious and unhappy. Later one night, while returning from a movie, seeing Sam and Anita cuddle in the car makes him uncomfortable and he tells Sam to stop the car and walks back home. Sam seeing Saahil's emotions tells Anita that Saahil loves her which Anita laughs over it. Over the next few days, Sam to prove his point starts teasing Saahil which makes Saahil angry and one day while having a race, Sam purposefully pushes Saahil who gets hurt. Anita scolds Sam for behaving like a child. Saahil's friends now realising that Saahil has some feelings for Anita starts teasing him by passing comments about Anita and Sam. Saahil gets offended when he hears them say that Sam and Anita having sex every night, and gets into a physical brawl with his friend. Angry and suspicious, he goes to Anita's home in the night and enters the house through the window. He's shocked to see Anita and Sam having sex. Heart broken, he is about to leave when he accidentally pushes a table which makes a noise. Anita comes out to check and is shocked seeing Saahil while Saahil sees Anita nude. The next day morning, Saahil comes to Anita's house for the rehearsal. Anita, extremely angry with him for what he did last night, scolds him and tells him to get out of the play. Because of this incident, Tia also has a very emotional break up with Saahil.
A few days later, Anita gets a phone call from the police station. There she comes to know that Sam had taken one of her students (who also is Saahil's friend) to a rave party. Police had conducted a raid where she was caught, and Sam somehow escaped. Anita and Sam have a fight, and Sam being drunk, slaps Anita and leaves her. Saahil comes to know about the fight and goes and meets her. Both reconcile. In the evening, he takes some home-made biryani to Anita's place to make her feel better, only to find Sam there, talking to Anita. He is again hurt, and leaves. Anita sees him going. The next day, Anita goes to Saahil's place and meets his uncle and father. Upon seeing Saahil as he comes out to check who has come, she apologises to him and takes him out for a cup of coffee. Here, she tells him that things are finally over between her and Samuel, which turns Saahil's mood around.
A few days later, Anita along with Saahil's friends come to his house to celebrate Saahil's birthday. After the party, he goes to her house with a wine bottle. They celebrate together, drink, and happen to kiss. But Anita realising her mistake, stops him and asks him to leave. Anita now knows that she has begun to love Saahil, who is heartbroken upon being literally thrown out of the house. Later, Saahil's uncle and father meet Anita to ask her what the matter with Saahil is, and Anita simply assures them that things will be back to normal in a few days. Anita then resigns from her job at school and informs Saahil. Saahil reaches her house in a desperate attempt to stop her, where a highly emotional showdown takes place between them, and they finally make love. She also confesses her love for him.
Later, after Anita leaves Panchgani, Saahil reads her letter to him stating that they have to part ways as what happened between them is not right. And in the future, if they're meant to meet again, they would meet in another time and place, as different individuals. She tells him to forget her. Saahil breaks down with a sense of finality as he finishes reading the letter. Later, he goes to meet his friends where he reconciles with all of them including Tia, as he looks back at this entire experience of his with a new, mature perspective.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rabba Main Kya Karoon  revolves around two brothers Shrawan (Arshad Warsi) and his younger brother Sahil (Akash Chopra) who is getting married lavishly in a typical Indian style in Delhi.
Sahil is eager to marry his childhood sweetheart Sneha (Tahira Kochhar), until older brother Shrawan joins the celebration, encouraging Sahil to do what men do by cheating on his wife. Shrawan is only teaching Sahil what he learnt from their uncles (Paresh Rawal, Tinnu Anand and Shakti Kapoor), whose mantra for a successful married life is "In order to live a happy married life, one must cheat on his wife!"
-----------------------------------------------------------
When a reluctant Jyotsna, an artiste with her assistant Ragini arrive in Calapor Central Jail to conduct an art program for prison inmates, initiated by a very sincere and committed reformist Jail Superintendent, Karunakar, the agonizing past of a criminal husband who cheated her and a delinquent son who ran away, returns to torment her. With adversity comes an opportunity; a second chance that Jyotsna as a mother cannot afford to lose or fail to succeed.
-----------------------------------------------------------
This film is a simple story of a village boy, Baadal (Joy Mukherjee) who meets a girl from the city, Preeti (Waheeda Rehman) in the most unusual circumstances and the couple eventually fall in love, and wish to get married only to find Preeti’s scheming father, played by Rehman and her fiancé, Roshan try all methods to separate the couple. There’s a lot of drama, jealousy, and a challenge that ensues, but Baadal ends up triumphant through it all. The most fun element was Kishore Kumar‘s character, Ganpat Rao who effortlessly makes you smile from the time he enters the scene. Then there’s the moment of unity for actor brothers, Ashok Kumar and Kishore Kumar which was heartwarming for more reasons than just their screen presence together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rahul Mithaiwala (Shah Rukh Khan) is a forty-year-old bachelor living in Mumbai. His parents died in a car accident when he was eight years old, so his grandparents raised him. Rahul's grandfather (Lekh Tandon) owns a chain of confectionery shops. Before his grandfather's 100th birthday celebration, two of Rahul's friends invite him to accompany them on a vacation in Goa, which he accepts. Rahul's grandfather dies on the eve of the celebration, just when he witnesses Sachin Tendulkar on TV in a cricket match get dismissed on his 99th run. His grandmother tells Rahul that his grandfather wanted his ashes to be divided into two parts—one of each to be immersed in the Ganges and Rameswaram. She asks Rahul to take the ashes to Rameswaram and disperse them. Reluctantly, he accepts her request but is also eager to attend the Goa trip. Rahul and his friends plan to dump the ashes at Goa but his grandmother wants to see him off, forcing Rahul to travel by train. He books a single ticket on the Chennai Express, planning to meet his friends along the way, at Kalyan Junction station . However, Rahul forgets to take the ashes, and he almost misses the train when he returns to collect them. As he tries to leave the train, he notices a young woman running to board it. He helps her and four other people board the moving train, but the train leaves the station before he can get off.
Rahul tries to flirt with the woman, who starts communicating by singing parodies of Hindi film songs, and explains that the four men are trying to kidnap her. Rahul lends her his mobile phone so that she can contact her friends, but the men with her grab it and throw it from the train. Rahul is annoyed, but says nothing because the men are carrying weapons. Rahul tells the ticket inspector about them, but they push the inspector into a river below a bridge. Panicked, Rahul learns that the men are her cousins, and that her name is Meenalochni "Meena" Azhagusundaram (Deepika Padukone). She is fleeing from a forced marriage to Tangaballi (Nikitin Dheer). Her father, Durgeshwara Azhagusundaram (Sathyaraj) is a powerful headman of the local mafia in Tamil Nadu.

Meena takes Rahul to her father and introduces him as her lover. Tangaballi challenges Rahul to a duel that Rahul unknowingly accepts, due to his lack of knowledge in Tamil. On the night of the duel, Rahul escapes with the help of a local policeman, Shamsher (Mukesh Tiwari), but he ends up on a ship with Sri Lankan terrorists and smugglers. A gun battle ensues between the police force and the terrorists. When the police officers investigate and take Rahul into custody, he tells his story and ends up back in Komban. Terrified and once again surrounded by Azhagusundaram's sickle-wielding henchmen, Rahul pretends to take Meena hostage and escapes with her in her father's car, battling Azhagasundaram's men. When the car breaks down, Rahul and Meena quarrel and part ways. Rahul, not knowing which way to go, returns to Meena, who takes him to the Vidhamba village. Meena tells the villagers that they are a married couple who needs protection and rest, to which the villagers agree.
Meena then realises that she has fallen in love with Rahul. When Rahul plans to sneak away, she argues, not wanting to earn the villagers' distrust. Tangaballi catches Rahul as he tries to leave, but the villagers help them escape again. Meena persuades Rahul to disperse his grandfather's ashes and travels with him to Rameswaram, where they complete the rites. On their way back, Rahul realises that he has fallen in love with Meena, and does not tell her where they are going. He takes Meena back to her father and tries to make him understand and honour his daughter's wish. He also tells Meena that he loves her. Rahul tells Tangaballi and his goons that he is ready for the fight this time. In the fight that follows, Rahul is severely injured but emerges victorious. Meena's father and Tangaballi reform, accepting that the love of a common man like Rahul is bigger than their physical ability and political influence. Azhagusundaram allows Rahul to marry Meena. Rahul then leaves a message that love knows no regional or language barriers and that with a strong heart, there is no limit to what the common man can achieve.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins where its predecessor ended, with reigning don Shoaib Khan (Akshay Kumar) earning respect after assassinating his mentor, Sultan Mirza (Ajay Devgn). Twelve years later he is still a charismatic, suave womaniser, who has extended his empire to the Mideast. Khan's only friends are Javed (Sarfaraz Khan) (who oversees his illegal work), his former love Mumtaz (Sonali Bendre), and Aslam (Imran Khan), a teenager Khan met during a visit to the slums in which he grew up.
An older Khan returns to Bombay to kill Rawal (Mahesh Manjrekar), who opposed his ambition to take the reins in Bombay. Although the city was his first love, rising starlet Jasmine (Sonakshi Sinha) wins his heart. Khan advances Jasmine's career by rigging awards, and showers her with gifts; he becomes obsessed with her. He sends Aslam and another trustworthy aide, Jimmy, to kill Rawal. Jimmy fails, accidentally killing his girlfriend, Mona, and flees. He is soon captured by the police, hot on Khan's trail after learning about his arrival in Bombay. Jimmy, loyal to Khan, does not crack during his interrogation and is freed due to lack of evidence. The police intend to draw Khan out from hiding; he has eluded them for twelve years, and this is their last chance to take him on Indian soil.
Khan, suspicious that Jimmy has become a police informer, decides to kill him but Aslam offers to do the deed to deflect police attention. He, Dedh Tang and several thugs masquerade as rival (Yamaha RX100)biker gangs and stage a brawl. Plainclothes police officers try to control the chaos when Aslam corners Jimmy. When a police officer stops Aslam, Khan appears out of nowhere, murders Jimmy and injures the policeman. A chase ensues; the police fail to catch the two, who escape in Khan's Mercedes.
Although Khan has bought Jasmine a house, she rejects his advances, saying that she has never seen him as being more than a friend. Angry and disappointed, Khan slaps her and tells her to leave. He angrily destroys the set of the film she is cast in, leaving with her a twenty-four-hour deadline to accept his proposal. Jasmine returns home to see that Khan has filled her house with expensive presents. Her mother is taken aback when Jasmine explains that Khan is a gangster with whom she'd prefer not to associate. Her family questions the sense in rejecting a man as powerful and dangerous as Khan.
Later in the night, Jasmine meets Aslam at his uncle's restaurant. He tries to explain his love for her, only to be interrupted and told that she is engaged and the two should stop seeing one another. Dejected and disappointed, Aslam meets with Khan, who seems unusually pensive. The two lament their relationships, not knowing they are both in love with the same woman. Just before Aslam is about to reveal the name of his romantic interest, a phone rings - Khan, jubilant, announces that his proposal has been accepted and orders Aslam to pick up his new "bhabhi," or sister-in-law.
Aslam arrives at the address Khan has given him and, much to his shock, sees Jasmine walking towards his car. Initially angry that he is still following her, the two realize that they have been caught up in a complicated affair - that Aslam, unbeknownst to Jasmine, works for Khan, and that Jasmine was the one he had been sent to pick up. Before either can speak, a car containing Rawal and his henchmen arrives at a distance. Rawal shoots Jasmine, having learned of her relationship with Khan and hoping that hurting her lure the gangster into a vulnerable position.
Jasmine remains unconscious at the hospital as Khan arrives. He accuses Aslam of being in love with his fiancée - an accusation which Aslam denies as Khan reveals that he has masterminded a plan to murder Rawal and ensure his own dominance over the Mumbai underworld. Khan intends to fabricate a story of him feuding with Aslam to tempt Rawal and his rivals into contacting Aslam. The "news" reaches Rawal, who seems delighted at the prospect of being able to turn Khan's right-hand man against him.
When Rawal calls Aslam at the hospital, Aslam, now fully aware of Khan's feelings towards Jasmine, seems unsure whether to abide by Khan's plan. He reluctantly provides Rawal with an address, ending the phone call by telling him to "murder the bastard." Khan, lying in wait outside the address with a sniper rifle, kills Rawal and his henchmen when they arrive. Khan, having consolidated power, savours his victory and walks into a police station as a taunt to law enforcement. However, Dedh Tang accidentally reveals Aslam's love for Jasmine in the midst of celebration. Khan, infuriated, diverts the car to the hospital to confront Aslam, who has continued to stay with Jasmine as she recovers from being shot by Rawal. Knowing that his friend is in danger, Dedh Tang honks the horn of the car repeatedly after Shoaib and his henchmen enter the building, alerting Aslam to the danger and giving him time to escape. Entering to see an empty bed where Jasmine had before been laying, Khan realizes that Dedh Tang had given him away.
Khan sends his aide Akbar to kill Aslam after he and Jasmine flee to Aslam's uncle's restaurant in Dongri. Aslam assures Jasmine that Khan, though violent, would never hurt him. Their conversation is interrupted by a car's horn honking - running outside, Aslam is ambushed by Akbar after discovering the body of Dedh Tang, who has been killed by Shoaib for aiding the couple in their escape. Aslam, though injured and initially losing the fight, kills Akbar with a shovel. He calls Khan to tell him that the murder of Dedh Tang has, in effect, erased his deep-seated loyalty to his former boss. Khan responds by telling Aslam that sending Akbar was a mistake, as he must be the one to kill the man he views as also having betrayed him by "stealing" Jasmine.
Aslam and Khan confront one another as the police, having been alerted to Khan's location by a storekeeper, descend upon Dongri. Shoaib rains down blows and insults upon Aslam, urging him to defend himself in front of Jasmine. Nevertheless, Aslam, who still feels indebted and bound to Khan, does not fight back until Inspector Awant appears through the gathered crowd - even then, Aslam only pushes Khan away so that Khan is not shot by the officer. Reacting quickly, Khan draws a pistol of his own and shoots Awant before turning his weapon on Jasmine and Aslam. Jasmine, through tears and while holding a bleeding Aslam, tells Khan that he is truly evil and will never have her love. Khan seems to recognize the truth in her words as he drops his weapon and stares at the couple. Just then, more police officers arrive on the scene and open fire on Khan, who, now injured, is dragged away by one of his henchmen. He and Aslam, both alive but bloodied, lock eyes and reach out for another, having finally put aside their differences.
In the last scene, a bullet-ridden, dejected Khan reads a letter he was unable to give Jasmine in the cargo hold of a ship leaving the city forever.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot opens in Jaffna, where a bus full of passengers is stopped by armed men. They take all of them out and kill them mercilessly. A little girl tries to escape, but is shot and killed immediately.
The movie then moves to Kasauli, where a bearded man, later revealed to be Vikram Singh (John Abraham) wakes up after having visions of men getting killed. He then finds on TV that the Sri Lankan Prime Minister is killed by a human bomb. He purchases a bottle of liquor and goes to a nearby church. The priest of that church, who seems to know him for the past three years, asks him about his "conspiracy" when he says that "Our Prime Minister could have been saved from the conspiracy". The bearded man then starts narrating his story.
The film then goes five years back, when the man tells that the continuous battle between the majority in Sri Lanka Sinhalese and minorities Tamils had reached a dangerous level. In that battle thousands of Tamils lost their lives, causing their youths to take weapons in their hands and join the LTF leader Anna Bhaskaran (a character based on the real-life LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran). Due to the plight of Tamils there, the Indian Prime Minister (Sanjay Gurubaxani) decided to sign a peace accord with Sri Lankan Government and said that the elections should happen there peacefully before Diwali. However, Anna refused to accept the accord and the Indian Peace Keeping Forces were forced to withdraw from the island. A heated meeting in New Delhi between the Indian officials leads Robin Dutt aka RD (Siddharth Basu), the R&AW chief, to call upon his best man, Maj. Vikram Singh to find out the solution.
After meeting and discussing the strategy with RD and his deputy, Swaroop (Avijit Dutt) Vikram travels to Sri Lanka and meets a war correspondent Jaya Sahni (Nargis Fakhri) and tries to find out a way to stop the rebels. After reporting to his senior Bala (Prakash Belwadi) he tries to find some that may help to find Shri, the only man who can withstand and oppose Anna. After meeting with an informer called Narayanan, Vikram manages to visit Shri. Vikram promises Shri to help him rise against Anna by providing him with arms. The arms deal date is decided at 6 July. However, the deal goes terribly wrong and one of Vikram's associates is killed in a surprise attack by LTF. Bala scolds Vikram of his working style and tells him to go to Colombo Safehouse. Vikram meets Jaya to seek her help. Jaya tells him that they know his next step even before he implement it. However, she tells him that "a foreign agency guy met with an Indian official" before her arrival in the island. Next day, Vasu, Bala's associate, meets a man, gives him a photo of Vikram, telling him "to keep him alive".
Meanwhile, RD and his team is shocked to learn on TV that Vikram is kidnapped by LTF. However, he is left alive by LTF, but badly wounded. Bala visits him in the hospital and tells him to leave Sri Lanka as he is on the hit-list of both the camps. Vikram feels suspicious about Bala. He calls SP, one of his associates, and tells him to report all activities of Bala to him. Vikram, posing as a war correspondent, manages to reach Malaya, second in-command of Anna and persuades him to meet RD in Colombo. RD tells him that the only way this war could be won is by a political solution. He instigates Malaya to stand up as the only champion of his people, thus dividing the LTF in two. Vikram and Indian forces then launch a massive attack on the LTF base camp where Anna and his men (minus Malaya) were discussing strategy. A devastating gunbattle begins, and Vikram escapes from the island after being told by RD. Everyone believes Anna got killed in the fight. However, Anna survives and later kills Malaya and Shri. In the light of the resurfaced violence, the Indian Prime Minister resigns. Some months later, SP later tracks some discussion of Anna over the phone and tells Bala about this, but Bala tells him to ignore them, causing SP to believe that Bala might be a mole. He escapes with the intercepts and files of the case. Bala finds about it and burns the remaining papers, later telling someone over the phone that SP and Vikram are in Kochi and he should send some men there. Vikram later receives a call from SP who tells him to meet him. After meeting with SP, Vikram comes home to find Ruby (Rashi Khanna), his wife, murdered. Vikram's associate in Kochi, Kush tells him that Vasu has been tracked. He nabs Vasu from a theatre and asks him what he knows. Vasu tells him that indeed Bala was a leak and he was helping him along with a person named Reed from Singapore. Vikram calls Jaya and requests her to use her sources. She agrees to help and later consoles Vikram about his wife.
As told by Jaya, Vikram reaches Bangkok where a source of Jaya (Dibang) tells him that he has a tape. Vikram is shocked to see that Bala was honeytrapped, forcing him to divulge all the information about their movements. Bala later commits suicide by shooting himself. Back in Delhi, R&AW had decoded the intercepts and had also found out about Bala's fake passports and unknown bank accounts. RD realises that this might be a Code Red, to assassinate the ex Prime Minister. He asks Vikram to take care of this and tells his team to seal the coastline. A massive manhunt begins and hundreds of LTF associates are nabbed by Indian security forces and local cops. In the Madras R&AW office, Arjun, an officer tracks down the conversation of Vijayan Joseph, a bombmaker and Anna and tells this to Rishi (Tarun Bali). Rishi tells this to Vikram and further says that Kannan Kanan, an associate of Anna's man Kanda, is in Madurai Jail and might be helpful. Kannan reveals that some suspicious refugees came from the island to Tamil Nadu. After a short but important meeting with Jaya, Vikram sees X on a clock at the Airport and deduces that the LTF is going to assassinate the ex PM on the same day at X PM (10 PM). RD then calls the ex PM to cancel his rally, but he replies that he'll be alright. Vikram then manages to catch Vijayan from his hideout who tells that the refugees are going to assassinate the ex PM by plastic explosives which are untraceable to metal detectors.
Vikram rushes to the place where the ex PM is taking part in the rally. He reaches there nearly on time, but the suicide bomber manages to put the wreath on the neck of the ex PM and while bowing down, she pulls the trigger and kills him along with herself and many others. Vikram manages to recover but sits there dejected and defeated. Later, Vikram submits his report on the assassination to the investigation committee who considers his report. A few days later, RD too resigns, and Vikram, after taking a voluntary retirement, comes in Kasauli.
The movie comes to present where the priest asks Vikram who won the battle. Vikram says he doesn't know, but in this battle, Indians lost their Prime Minister and Lankan lost their future. He later walks away, reciting the lines of "Where the mind is without fear". He completes another report and sends it to Jaya in Singapore who starts her work on that report. In Kasauli, Vikram moves out of the house he was living in.
An epilogue tells that the civil war continued for 27 years, killing more than 40 thousand Sri Lankan subjects, 30 thousand Tamil rebels, 21 Sri Lankan forces and 1200 Indian forces, and still thousands of Lankan Tamils are homeless. In 2009, Sri Lankan forces launched a brutal aerial and land attack, finishing the rebels along with their leader.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Retired teacher and ex-principal Dwarka Anand (Amitabh Bachchan) is an idealistic man who lives with his engineer son Akhilesh, wife, and daughter-in-law Sumitra. His engineer son Akhilesh's friend Manav (Ajay Devgan) is an ambitious capitalist. Manav cherishes his friend Akhilesh (Indraneil Sengupta) who suddenly dies in a road accident maliciously conducted by Sangram Singh, brother of India's minister Minister Balram Singh (Manoj Bajpai), who, unknown to all of India, is the mastermind behind Akhilesh's murder. Balram Singh announces compensation, which Akhilesh's wife Sumitra (Amrita Rao) cannot get in spite of submitting daily applications in the government office. Incensed, Dwarka slaps the DM and is imprisoned. Manav starts a campaign to free him, using social media, roping in Arjun Singh (Arjun Rampal) and journalist Yasmin (Kareena Kapoor). As hopeful students, hungry laborers and angry middle-class citizens join in the agitation, politicians start panicking. Eventually, Dwarka Anand gets freedom after the DM takes his complaint back upon pressure from Balram Singh.
Dwarka Anand gives a notice of 30 days to the government to clear all pending claims in the entire district. After a series of dramatic events, he sits on hunger strike and asks the government to bring ordinance in the district. Meanwhile, Lal Bahadur, a youth, commits suicide to support the agitation. During his cortege, four policemen brutally get killed by the mob. Soon after this, riots break out, forcing Balram Singh to send paramilitary force. His henchman shoot Dwarka Anand who dies in Manav's lap, requesting the public to stop the riots. Balram Singh is then caught by the police. Manav and Arjun decide to construct a regional party to eliminate corruption and reconstruct the system for the common welfare.
-----------------------------------------------------------
ACP Vijay Khanna (Ram Charan) is a brutally honest police officer who has been transferred yet again by the system for chasing the corrupt underworld goons. He is continuously disturbed by the killing of his parents years back. He keeps remembering a man in a black raincoat on a white horse and with a tattoo on his right arm killing his parents on Vijay's birthday for filing a case. Vijay was brought up by his uncle and was always absent on his birthdays. He is in charge of a case where the district collector has been murdered and burned to death. The key eye witness Mala (Priyanka Chopra) has seen the murder by Teja's (Prakash Raj) Gang and refuses to co-operate. Teja is the head of an oil mafia operation and doesn't want Mala alive. Vijay manages to convince Mala to give a statement which makes her perpetrators come after her. He gives her shelter in his house to protect her and she starts to like him while Vijay does not reciprocate the same. This includes her giving him a potato and egg for lunch at his office and then annoying him by celebrating his birthday. He shouts at her and she begins to cry. Vijay tells her that he did not want to celebrate because his parents were killed on the very day and reveals his past to her. He finally reciprocates her love as he realised that Mala is slowly becoming an important part of his life. He also encounters Sher Khan (Sanjay Dutt/Srihari) who is into buying and selling of illegal cars. Seeing Vijay's honesty and determination, Sher Khan turns over a new leaf and mends his ways to transform into a person who now only goes by the book. He has made Vijay a friend for life and will do anything to help him out. Vijay also encounters Jaydev a.k.a. JD (Atul Kulkarni/Tanikella Bharani), a reporter who had written bad comments about Vijay in the newspaper. Seeing Vijay's honesty and integrity, Jaydev becomes an admirer of Vijay and begins to give him all the information he has regarding the oil mafia. Meanwhile, Kataria (Bikramjeet Kanwarpal) the man who murdered the collector has been caught by Vijay. Kataria is revealed to be Teja's man and he reveals that they steal petrol and oil from container trucks, add kerosene in them and smuggle them around and outside the country. Vijay uses this information and puts Kataria in custody but the next day he is found murdered in custody. In the middle of this, Vijay also finds about a man Prashant Khanna, who was killed years back by Teja. Due to certain incidents which gave Vijay wrong informations about the oil mafia Teja is handling, Vijay is suspended till the investigation is done with. Now Vijay warns Teja that there are no seniors or rules that bind him and now Vijay will finish Teja in his own style. Slowly, Vijay begins to destroy almost all of Teja's oil refineries. But Mala says that all these activities that Vijay is doing can have dangerous consequences. One night, Vijay and Mala go to a restaurant for dinner where Vijay gets attacked by two of Teja's men in the bathroom. Vijay kills both the men and calls Teja and warns him that even if he sends the rest of his 198 men (it was earlier mentioned by Teja that he has 200 workers under him), nothing will happen to Vijay. A few days later, Sher Khan invites Vijay and Mala to a party. Later on, when they are returning home, they are attacked once again by ten of Teja's men. Vijay manages to lock Mala in a small room there and gets badly injured fighting them. He is almost killed but just in time, Sher Khan comes there, handles the rest of the goons and along with Mala, takes Vijay to the hospital. The next day, Teja comes there and criticizes Vijay saying that he is one who can only talk and doesn't have the guts to face Teja. After he leaves, Mala finally tells Vijay to finish Teja once and for all. That night Teja's men along with Bosco (Ankur Bhatia) kill Jaydev and the whole city begins to panic. Meanwhile, two sub inspectors who work under Vijay gives Sher Khan information that the night Kataria was murdered, an inspector, Saalwe had arrested a man for a petty case. But Saalwe did not record the case and so they suspect Saalwe and the man who he arrested had killed Kataria. So, using some of his informers Sher Khan finds Saalwe and Teja's trusted man Bosco (Ankur Bhatia) who was hiding himself and Saalwe in a colony. Then he puts them in front of the commissioner and they agree that they had killed Kataria by breaking his neck and they had done it on Teja's saying as he feared Kataria might leak all the information about his gang. The commissioner realizes Vijay's Innocence and claims Teja a wanted criminal. Out of fear, Teja runs away into an old mine with Mona (Mahie Gill), but Vijay manages to track him down. Teja manages to get Vijay at gun point and pulls his coat's sleeve back. Then Vijay notices a tattoo on Teja's arm and realizes that he is the very one who killed his parents. Then Vijay says that Prashant Khanna who Teja killed years back was Vijay's dad. Teja is shocked and reveals that Prashant had filed a case against him and so Teja had to kill Prashant. In a fit of rage, Vijay begins to beat Teja badly. Vijay then breaks Teja's arm and kicks him into a bundle of petroleum barrels and shoots the barrels, causing Teja to die in the blast. The government announces all the wealth to be given to Mona, who was also said to be in all of Teja's nefarious activities. The film ends with Sher Khan and Mala coming to visit Vijay at the station, Mala finally being able to cook some food for him and Vijay smiling at Sher Khan when he sees a drug mafia case coming on TV.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raghu Ram (Sushant Singh Rajput) is a tourist guide in Jaipur who doubles up as a rental baraati for Goyal (Rishi Kapoor), a wedding planner. Raghu is experiencing pre-marital jitters before his arranged marriage. Goyal has hired a fake baraat to accompany Raghu to his wedding which includes Gayatri (Parineeti Chopra), an open-minded, independent woman who lives life on her own terms. On the way to his wedding venue, Raghu falls for Gayatri. A confused Raghu, heavily impressed by her freedom, gathers the guts to run away from his wedding.
A fortnight later, the two begin dating and eventually enter into a live-in relationship. In India, such relationships can be socially frowned upon, so they hide the relationship from their neighbours by pretending to be siblings. Mr. Gupta (Tarun Vyas), a neighbour of Gayatri, catches Raghu with Gayatri and tries to create distrust between them, but the couple are able to reconcile and decide to get married. However, on the day of the wedding, Gayatri runs out on him, and Raghu is left inconsolable.
Soon after, at a wedding, Raghu meets Tara (Vaani Kapoor), the woman he was going to marry before he met Gayatri. She asks him out initially on a revenge trip but slowly falls for him. Just as Raghu is about to ask her to marry him at a wedding, he runs into Gayatri. The bride's mom sends Raghu and Gayatri to pick up the priest from the station. On the way, Gayatri tries to talk to Raghu but he is reluctant. Later at dinner, Raghu finds Tara and Gayatri sitting on the same table. Tara tells him that she invited Gayatri to dinner on Sunday. Raghu gingerly makes an excuse for the bathroom. Gayatri follows him, and they confess their love for each other. Tara arrives and catches them in a loving embrace. Tara leaves while Raghu and Gayatri are compelled by Goyal to accept that they love each other and that they should marry.
Three days later, on the night of their marriage, Gayatri and Raghu run into each other at the main gate while they are trying to run away. Later they meet at Gayatri's home where Raghu says that he truly loves Gayatri but he doesn't want to be imprisoned by marriage. They agree to resume their live-in relationship.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Three friends – Meet (Vivek Oberoi), Prem (Aftab Shivdasani) and Amar (Ritesh Deshmukh) – are all unhappily married and have unsatisfactory sex lives. Meet thinks that his wife Unatti (Karishma Tanna) is having an affair with her boss; Prem thinks that his wife Tulsi (Manjari Fadnis) doesn't spend quality time with him and Amar feels that his wife Mamta (Sonalee Kulkarni) is more concerned about their son, Pappu.
One day, the men receive an invite from their college, SLUTS (Sri Lalchand University of Technology and Science), to attend their college reunion. Their wives don't come with them, so the three decide to use the trip to get up to mischief in order to escape their unhappy marriages.
When they arrive, they find that everyone else is behaving in an overly conservative manner. This due to the fear of Principal Roberts (Pradeep Rawat), who hangs people naked on a tree if they disagree with his rules. They find out that a former student, Hardik (Suresh Menon), is in a mental asylum because of the principal's deeds. Meanwhile, Prem meets one of his former teachers, Rose (Maryam Zakaria), and is attracted to her. Meet meets Marlow (Kainaat Arora) and is attracted to her. Amar meets Mary (Bruna Abdullah) and is attracted to her. The men begin to initiate affairs with the women, but soon find out that Rose, Mary and Marlow are relatives of the principal. The men's wives later arrive at the college, intending on joining them at the reunion.
The trio receive an MMS message containing footage of each of them having sex, and succeed in hiding the video from their wives. They find out that it was Hardik who sent the video, and he blackmails them. Their task is to kill the principal in order to fulfill Hardik's revenge, or else he will show the footage to their wives. They fail in killing him, so they decide to try to delete the videos off Hardik's phone. They succeed and continue to spend time at the reunion.
On the last day, the principal mixed a love potion into the soup, which caused people to deal out those they are attracted too. The trio end up being with Rose, Mary and Marlow, and the principal catches them red handed. While being chased by the principal, the girls reveal to the men that he is impotent. When the trio end up on the roof of a building, Hardik pushes the principal and the principal slides down the roof and hangs on to a bar. The men try to save him but Hardik pushes them, too, and they hang onto the principal. The girls come and push Hardik off the roof and he hangs on to Meet. The three tell principal the truth about not making love with Marlow, Mary and Rose. The girls try to make a rope out of their clothes, but the boys fall and end up in the hospital.
Their wives angrily ask them what exactly happened that night. Principal Roberts calmly replies that due to a misunderstood affair, their husbands suffered this consequence. Shortly later, a doctor comes and informs the principal that he is no more impotent since the blood now properly flows all over his body due to the pressure generated while hanging on the bar. Hardik marries Marlow. The film ends with the trio about to have sex with their respective wives, as they rekindle the romance.
-----------------------------------------------------------
John Day is a bank manager of Royal Citizen Co-operative Bank and lives with his wife Maria Day. The couple has recently lost their only daughter Pearl in a forest fire accident while she was on a trip with her boyfriend Kanishk. Maria is always depressed and never opens up with anyone. One day when John is away for office work, a courier-boy enters the house and takes Maria as a captive. He then calls up John informing him about his wife is a hostage and tells him that a man will visit him at his bank and John has to do his work. It is shown that actually it was a planned bank heist where the visitor gagged John, opened up the cash locker and fled. Meanwhile the kidnapper hammered Maria causing her a serious brain damage and she got admitted to the hospital in a state of coma.
The news spread like wildfire in all TV channels. An impatient and short tempered Police Officer Gautam (Randeep Hooda)is shocked and calls his girlfriend Tabassum (Elena Kazan) to collect a very important document stored in a locker of the bank. Inside the bank, the bank authorities in the presence of the police are giving away claims to bank customers, when Tabassum approaches and claims her documents which are revealed to be some property papers called "CASABLANCA ESTATES". This surprises John Day and he follows the duo in his car and observes them depositing the file in a government property office. John bribes the office personnel and procures the original Casablanca files and investigates.
During his investigation he comes to know that police Officer Gautam is also in pursuit of the files and wants to sell them to a Mafia based organization in Dubai. Gautam is under pressure from the Mafia to handover the original documents of "Casablanca Estates". John vows to take revenge on the people who has injured his wife and actually eliminates all the informants including the kidnapper, the bank robbers and others involved. He then takes Tabassum as a captive and calls Gautam and another powerful Mafia Khan Saab(Sharat Saxena) at Gautam's place and there the truth is revealed.
Casablanca estate is nothing but 6000 acres of forest land being acquired illegally on papers by Mafia Lord Khan Saab and Dubai based Al Hunain along with the help of Police Officer Gautam who works for Khan. They had acquired the land, registered it with the insurance company and then set fire to the jungle in order to get heavy compensation. It was revealed that on that fateful day when the fire erupted John Day's daughter Pearl was there for a jungle trip and perished in the same while her boy-friend escaped unhurt.
Meanwhile Gautam has a plan to sell the papers for billions to the Dubai based AG group and settling with his girlfriend abroad. When Khan is about to shoot Gautam for his treachery Tabassum opens fire to save him. An ensuing shoot out occurs in the room and results in Tabassum being killed, Khan and his associates badly wounded and finally, Gautam getting shot multiple times by John. John then shoots Khan Saab too. Later he is shown weeping at the graves of his daughter and wife. The film ends with a Biblical quote by Mark "For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world, and loses his own soul? Mark 8:36".
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Vikrant Nerula (Bikramjeet Kanwarpal) entering the deserted Grandiose Hotel alone. He proceeds to room 3046, goes to the terrace and jumps off, killing himself.
Seven friends, Sam (Hasan Zaidi), Margesh (Ravish Desai), Achint (Nishant Malkani), Neel (Karan Kundra), Neena (Radhika Menon), Sonia (Nandini Vaid) and Maggie (Aparna Bajpai), reunite in a local pub after several years apart to celebrate the farewell of Neel, who is going abroad. They learn about an abandoned hotel that is reportedly haunted. It had originally been a mental asylum for the criminally insane, but was almost completely destroyed in a fire. The origin of the fire has never been fully explained. After years of neglect, the ruins were refurbished into a five star hotel by a builder. The hotel was unsuccessful due to strange happenings that drove the owner to suicide. Rumors state that he was pushed into suicide by the ghost of an asylum inmate.
All of them treat it seriously, except Maggie and Sam. They say that they wouldn't believe something they haven't seen. A worker at the bar says, that "...you would not be alive to believe once you see it". Sam suggests that the group explore the abandoned building.
They try to enter the hotel from the main door, but cannot, so enter by the back door. Neena observes strange things, but Neel brushes her claims aside. They find a TV set on with no transmission or power. Both Achint and Neel hear the sounds, "WELCOME". Ignoring it as a hallucination, they proceed to room 3046, a notorious room.
There, Sam is killed. The group flees in panic and come to realize that they are trapped inside the hotel with no way out. Achint and Margesh go to the terrace to try and find the network. There, Margesh is killed by ghost spirits.
The group starts being terrorized by a ghostly woman. Sonia is dragged into the darkness by the ghost. With three people dead, the remaining four find an abandoned jeep which they use to try to get out of the hotel, amid ghostly apparitions. After a tiring drive through misty areas, the group escape, only to find that they are back at the door of room 3046. They realize that the only way to escape is to survive until dawn.
Soon they are confronted by Sonia, whom Achint and Neel think is the ghost, but a tearful Sonia tells them that it is really her. The group learns that, when the hotel was a mental asylum, a possessed girl named Maya (Sheetal Singh) was admitted after she murdered her entire family. Maya would always claim to have 'married the devil', and would become very violent at the hospital, even killing the doctors. The fire that broke out killed all the inmates. The group realize that it is Maya who is terrorizing them.
Sonia tries to contact Maya to find what she wants. She gets a call from Maya, saying that the spirit wants to kill them all, nothing else. The terrified group then discover that Sonia is actually dead and Maya is speaking through her. Neena asks the time from Neel, only to be told that it is the same time (3:55 AM) she had seen on the clock in one of the rooms shortly after entering the hotel. Believing it is some kind of intuition, they decide to go back to the same room to understand Neena's extrasensory perception.
There they find a book containing paranormal explanations and a way to locate an energy source of dark spirits. With the help of incantations from the book, they have visions of the past. They see that the hotel was a mental asylum and find that the energy source of the dark spirit is in a shock machine. They decide to burn it down to end the horror.
Neel and Maggie go to kitchen in search of something flammable. Maggie sees a female spirit sitting on chair and reading newspaper. When she reaches towards her, Neel again brushes her aside. Maggie is killed by Maya who appears in the form of Neel. Achint is beheaded by the spirit, leaving only Neel and Neena alive.
Neel tries to burn the machine, but is pulled by the spirit into a closet. The spirit starts terrorizing Neena. Neena starts a fire. Amidst ghostly apparitions and obstructions, and with the help of the spirit of Vikrant Narula (who had died at the beginning of the film), she manages to burn the machine down. This results in the destruction of Maya's spirit. The film ends with the entrance doors of the hotel opening at dawn and a traumatized Neena, being the only survivor, walking outside.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Savitri Rao (Padmini Kolhapure), a widow, hopes that her only son, Vishwas (Shahid Kapoor) will grow up to be a brave Inspector. But Vishwas wants to become an actor. Dressed as a Police Inspector for a photo shoot, he meets social worker Kajal (Ileana D'Cruz) during a car chase. Kajal mistakes him as an inspector and thanks him for helping her catch the goons, while Vishwas plays along. He is mistakenly published in the newspaper as an Inspector, which Savitri sees. She arrives in Mumbai to see her dream come true, and circumstances lead Vishwas to carry on his lie not only to Kajal, but also to his mother.
While shooting for a film, Vishwas's mother comes to know that he is not an inspector. She faints and is admitted in the hospital, where the doctor tells him that she needs to be operated and the amount required is ₹ 10 lakhs. He agrees to work for Gundappa (Saurabh Shukla) (the boss of the goons Vishwas and Kajal caught) for money where he needs to bring a CD for them. While escaping after getting the CD he is caught by police and accidentally shoots two police officers. Since he is now a murderer, he is left with no choice but to join Gundappa's gang. Meanwhile, Kajal, who is under the impression that Vishwas has gone bad, along with some men plans to save him from doing any crime. So they go to the gangs den purposely and tells the foolish Gundappa that she came to marry Vishwas. Hence, creating a confusion so that Gundappa leaves Vishwas. On the other hand, Joint Commissioner (Darshan Jariwala) (who was also kidnapped) tells Savitri that Vishwas is actually not doing any crime but is working for the police. Kajal learns this from Savitri later and goes to apologise to Vishwas for misunderstanding him. Not knowing that they are being watched on CCTV, she apologises to Vishwas and leaks details of his plans. Somehow, Vishwas and his mates are able to flee. But his mother and Kajal are held by Napoleon (Mukesh Tiwari) (the ultimate Don, boss of Gundappa). After fighting the goons, Vishwas hands over Napoleon (who is revealed to be his own father) to the police and tells everyone that he will become a police officer as they are real life heroes. He did all the filmy actions as a fake police officer and now wants to be a real police man and do his duty for his country. His mother's dream is finally fulfilled.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Saajan Fernandes (Irrfan Khan) is a widower who is about to retire from his job as an accountant. Ila (Nimrat Kaur) is a young wife seeking her husband's (Nakul Vaid)'s attention and looking for ways to put romance back into her marriage; one of which is to cook delicious food for him. Through a rare mix-up of the famous "dabbawalas" (a complicated system that picks up and delivers lunches from restaurants or homes to people at work) of Mumbai, the lunchbox Ila prepares for her husband gets delivered, instead, to Saajan. Ila eventually realizes the mistake and with the advice of her neighbour aunty (Bharti Achrekar – voice only) living in the apartment above her, writes a letter to Saajan about the mix up and places it in the lunchbox (along with her husband's favorite meal) the next day.
An exchange of the messages sent back and forth with the lunches ignites a friendship between the two, as they share memories and events of their own individual lives. At work, Saajan is tasked with training his replacement, Shaikh (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), an orphan whose incompetence initially annoys Saajan, who is already socially distant since his wife's death. Saajan and Shaikh gradually get to know each other better and strike a close friendship as well. At one point, Saajan saves Shaikh's job by covering for his blatant mistakes on pay orders and he also becomes his best man at his wedding with Mehrunissa (Shruti Bapna).
At home, Ila finds out that her husband is having an affair and she begins to give up hope on her marriage. In one of the lunchbox letters, she suggests moving to Bhutan where the cost of living is much less than India. Saajan writes back suggesting that the two move there together. Ila then offers to meet in person at a popular food joint, but at the appointed time Saajan doesn't turn up. Upon receiving an empty lunchbox the next day, Saajan writes back to the dejected Ila and apologizes, saying that he did arrive and saw her from a distance but couldn't approach her. He explains how young and beautiful she looked, while surmising that he is too old for her and advising her to move on.
Some time later, Ila's father, battling with lung cancer, dies in her mother's care. After her mother (Lilette Dubey) confesses how unhappy her marriage was, Ila decides to search for Saajan, but then learns from Shaikh that he has already retired and headed to Nasik. She writes a last farewell message to Saajan announcing that she has decided to leave her husband and move to Bhutan with her young daughter.
Meanwhile, Saajan changes his mind en route to Nasik, returning to Mumbai and going in search of Ila – who is last seen at home waiting for her daughter to return from school – as he gets help from the same dabbawala who regularly picked up and delivered the eponymous lunchbox.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Maazii is essentially a thriller that travels from the hills of Mussoorie to the plains of western UP. It is a story about a couple Tarun (Sumit Nijhawan) and Shrishti (Mona Wasu) who have a near perfect relationship. However, by a twist of fate, an unfortunate accident occurs which brings Tarun's life into the limelight and turns him into a hero overnight. The events that follow not only shatter the peaceful life of the family but also put them in grave danger. But when his daughter, Minal (Saanvi Sharma) is kidnapped at the hands of an unknown assailant, Tarun will stop at nothing to get her back safely. He must now return to his roots and find out who is wreaking havoc in his life and what is the motive behind it.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prague deals with the inner conﬂicts of Chandan, a passionate architect who comes to Prague for a project along with his friend Gulshan whom he idolizes and wants to emulate but is also strangely scared of. In Prague Chandan meets a gypsy girl, Elena. This girl becomes the love of his life, his inspiration and also the pain of his soul because his past from India refuses to leave him alone. Chandan’s experiences have made him mistrust his own shadow and his insecurities have made his life a living hell. His only ally in his darkest times is his friend Arfie but then it is revealed at the end that Arfie perhaps does not exist and Gulshan is an extension of Chandan himself suggesting that it was Chandan who created these characters in his head.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Every girl harbors a secret desire to make it big in the glamorous world of showbiz and becoming a hot shot model is one of the obvious routes to fame and glory. However, many such aspirants tend to overlook the struggle, competition and politics associated with this challenging profession.
Super Model depicts their moment of glory. The story revolves around five models who participate in a bikini calendar shoot contest in the Fiji Islands to fulfill their dream of becoming a super model. When they reach the islands, rival games start and all the models get trapped in a conspiracy which is set off by the murder of one of the contestants. It is the journey of aspiring models into the fashion industry. It is about the professional and personal struggle that middle class girls have to go through to finally achieve.
A wine baron (Harsh Chhaya) is scouting for Super Models to endorse & launch his new wine brand in the market. He recruits a photographer (Ashmit Patel) to organize a talent hunt in Fiji for the same. A midst this backdrop, an upcoming model (Veena Malik) faces competition from other beauties for the endorsement deal until the contestants mysteriously start getting murdered one by one and the needle of blame seems to point towards her!
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with Captain Rajveer Singh (Sharman Joshi) and Captain Quereshi (Javed Jaffrey) are captains of India and Pakistan playing cards with their partners at Indo-Pak border. Suddenly bomb explodes. Then the film flashback into 17 hours before. At that time the Defense minister of India calls Rut Dutta (Soha Ali Khan), the reporter of GBC news to talk some important top secret. He reveals that after 2 days war will be declare between India and Pakistan. At 14 hours before, Defense minister of Pakistan with Pakistani General contacts with Defense minister of China for some help. Defense minister of China tells that he will attack nuclear bomb in New Delhi. At Indo-Pak border Pakistan armies are becoming very lazy. Then don't want to pay attention to commander Khan(Sanjai Mishra). In In
Captain Rajveer Singh (Sharman Joshi) and Captain Quereshi (Javed Jaffery) are battalion captains of India and Pakistan – two countries forever embroiled in conflict and turmoil with each other. However, on the actual battle-field, Raj and Quereshi and his troops form an unlikely friendship and camaraderie, reared on a love for conversations and playing antakshari(a game)of Hindi film songs and non-veg food. Midst them, arrives Ruth Dutta (Soha Ali Khan), an ambitious TV reporter, assigned to make a documentary on the lives of the soldiers of these two sides, as reported from on-ground. But when war is announced between these two countries, the easy friendship between the two sides is tested and conspiracy theories are hatched – all with hilarious results. In the end, the question which haunts everybody is : why the war and to what end?
-----------------------------------------------------------
A successful author (Ali Fazal) pretends to be a geek in order to impress his girlfriend's (Anisa) brother (Gulshan Grover), because he expects his brother-in-law to be intelligent. While the hero is almost on the verge of winning over his girl's bhaiya, his rowdie lookalike shows up, adding to the drama. That's not all. Even the bhaiya has a lookalike which doubles the drama and confusion.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts in 1796, four years after the occupation of Malabar by the English East India Company and towards the end of the First Pazhassi Revolt (1793–1797). The revolt is led by Kerala Varma (Mammootty), the Raja of Pazassi Palace, of Kottayam house. The exploitation of the native Indian resources by the Company had culminated in popular revolts against its authority across the district. With the help of Kerala Varma Pazhassi Raja's uncle Kurumbranadu ruler Veeravarma (Thilakan), who is jealous of Pazhassi Raja for his success and influence, and Raja's old companion Pazhayamveedan Chandhu (Suman), the Company act against Pazhassi Raja. This forces Pazhassi Raja to escape to the forests of Wayanad. The tribal force led by Neeli captures Assistant Collector Thomas Hervey Baber (Harry Key) and his fiancée Dora (Linda Arsenio) in the jungle, in spite of his commander's objection. The Raja treats Thomas Baber and Dora as his guest and releases them.
From there he begins a guerrilla battles against the Company. He is supported by his army chief Edachena Kunkan (Sarathkumar) and his brother-in-law Kaitheri Ambu (Suresh Krishna). In the guerrilla battle-front, Pazhassi Raja uses the expertise of Thalakkal Chandu (Manoj K. Jayan), a Kurichya soldier, and Chandu's fiancée Neeli (Padmapriya).
During the initial phases of the battle, the Company lose lots of men and money. This compels them to make a peace treaty with Pazhassi Raja. Raja agrees, hoping that this move will bring peace to the area and his people. However, the conditions of the treaty are never observed by the Company. This prompts Raja to start the battle again. Similarly, Dora leaves Thomas Baber for England, having learned the betrayal done by the Company to the Raja and despite her objection to the hanging of a father and son, who refused to reveal the location of the Raja to the Company. He forms useful alliances with many rulers and powerful families in the nearby places like Unni Mootha (Captain Raju) and his men.
Pazhassi Raja and his army successfully start the battle again. But the Company use heavily armed forces against him and succeed in luring many tribal leaders. This leads to the capture and subsequent hanging of Thalakkal Chandu as he was cheated by a tribal head (Nedumudi Venu).
The Company start hunting for Pazhassi and his army chief Edachena Kunkan. In a bloody fight, Edachena Kunkan kills Pazhayamveedan Chandhu. But he is surrounded by the Company. Instead of surrendering before them, he commits suicide. This makes Raja's army weaker. But Pazhassi Raja, even though knowing that he is going to die, goes for a last fight against the Company. After a glorious fight Pazhassi Raja is killed by the Company. The film ends with the assistant collector Thomas Baber placing the body of the Raja in a litter and his famous words: "He was our enemy. But he was a great warrior, a great man and we honour him." The Company officers respond by saluting the corpse of the Raja and acting as Pall-bearers.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts of with School Teacher Satyakant Shastri (Mithun Chakraborty) who has two children, Surya and Shiv. After Surya brawls with another child multiple times and eventually kills him, Satyakant kicks him out and disowns him. Years later, Shiv (Shiv Pandit) grows up as the only son to his father. It is revealed that after being disowned, Surya had saved the life of a transport businessman Tauji aka Big Boss (Danny Denzongpa) who had taken him in and raised him like a son for 15 years. Now, Surya (Akshay Kumar) has transformed himself into Boss, a suave, tough transport businessman who fights for justice.
Shiv falls in love with Ankita (Aditi Rao Hydari), who turns out to be the sister of a corrupt Police Officer named Ayushman Thakur (Ronit Roy). Ayushman is in cahoots with the corrupt and power hungry Home Minister, Pradhan (Govind Namdeo). Pradhan suggests to Ayushman that he should get Ankita married to his son Vishal (Aakash Dabhade). Ayushman agrees and decides that Ankita will marry him whether she wants to or not. Upon finding out she is in love with Shiv, he has Shiv arrested and convicted for crimes he hasn't committed. It's also revealed that Surya didn't murder his classmate. Instead, Satyakant accidentally impaled him when he shoved them into a room so that they would learn to deal with each other.
Satyakant then tries to bail Shiv out and calmly explains to Ayushman, but instead is humiliated and thrown out of the police station. Without any choice, Satyakant decides to turn to his other son, for help.
Boss meets Ayushman and convinces him to free Shiv from all charges alleged on him, telling him that Boss would kill Shiv when he is released from the police custody. Boss helps Shiv escape from custody. Pradhan sends his cops to capture Boss and take him to farm house of ACP Ayushman. Boss manages to escape from the goons, and reaches Ayushman's farm house. Pradhan calls Tauji there to complain about Boss. There in front of Tauji, Pradhan cancels his contract of killing Shiv with Tauji. After noticing the presence of Ankita there, Boss asks her whether she loves Shiv to which she replies positively. Boss takes the responsibility of getting Ankita married to Shiv in front of Tauji and her brother Ayushman. Satyakant and Shiv are attacked by a contract killer Jabbar Bhai sent by Pradhan. Boss kills Jabbar Bhai and his gang, saving his father and brother.
Twenty five of the MLAs of Pradhan are caught red handed at a brothel with prostitutes by media with the help of an unknown informer, later revealed to be Boss. Ayushman sets a trap against Shiv using the friend of Ankita and arrests Shiv in a fake rape case. Boss kidnaps son of Pradhan and sets a time bomb on him to get have Shiv freed from Police custody. Tauji informs Satyakant that Surya (Boss) did not kill his school-mate and that it was an accident. Satyakant rushes to meet Boss along with Tauji but their car is hit by a truck sent by Ayushman. Tauji survives the accident but Satyakant is injured and hospitalized. Finally, Boss brutally defeats Ayushman followed by a long fight. In the end, Satyakant along with Shiv is shown opening his arms calling Boss to hug and they reunite.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with murder of Shahid Azmi (Rajkummar Rao) and goes into flashback to the violence during the Bombay Riots. There Shahid witnesses cold-blooded murders and in anger runs away to Pakistan-administered Kashmir, where he spends a brief period at a militant training camp. He soon returns. In Mumbai, he is arrested under the TADA, for an alleged conspiracy to assassinate some politicians. He is brutally tortured by police and forced to admit the crime, after which he spends seven years at Tihar Jail in New Delhi. During his stay at Tihar Jail, he's tried to be brainwashed by Omar Sheikh (Prabal Panjabi). But another fellow jail mate War Saab (K K Menon) inspires him to start his college education. Once he is acquitted of the charges, he goes ahead to study law in Mumbai.
After receiving his law degree, Shahid works with lawyer Maqbool Memon (Tigmanshu Dhulia) for some months, before starting his career as an independent lawyer with the financial support of his elder brother Arif (Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub). During this process he meets Mariam (Prabhleen Sandhu), a Muslim divorcee, and marries her. Shahid soon starts picking up cases of Muslims charged under the POTA. He fights many cases pro bono in consultation with NGOs. Shahid gets his first major success as a defense lawyer, when Arif Paanwala, who has been arrested under POTA in 2002 Mumbai bus bombing, is acquitted due to lack of evidence.
Shahid then represents the accused in the 2006 Mumbai train bombings, the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul, the 2006 Malegaon bombings case. He is criticized for supporting terrorists and starts getting threatening calls that disturb his family life. On one occasion, Shahid's face is blackened by assailants outside the court room. While defending Faheem Ansari in the 2008 Mumbai attacks case, he gets shot by two gunmen in his office and dies on the spot. Later, Ansari is shown to be acquitted of all the charges by the Supreme Court of India due to lack of evidence.
In post-credits scene, Shahid's journey to the training camp is shown. It is edited out of the final cut to make the story tighter.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dilli Gang is the story of an old man targeted by a dangerous gang which preys on senior citizens living alone. The film is based on true incidents of increasing murders of aged men and women staying alone in metropolitan cities.
-----------------------------------------------------------
When two Hackers are murdered in Delhi, Delhi Police suspect that case revolves around hacking, they begin their search to find a computer hacker who can help them crack this case. The head of the police team ACP Siddhanth (Manish Choudhary) accompanied by Inspector Bhalla (Varun Badola), stumbles across Mickey Arora (Manish Paul), a lazy but smart hacker who runs a grocery store in day time and creates viruses for anti virus companies in the night along with his friends tomboy Chutney (Puja Gupta), Floppy, Pancho and Professor (Nitesh Pandey) who always helps him out in all odd jobs. ACP Siddhanth hires him to hack down the website of a group of cyber criminals known as Bhram Gang. Meanwhile, Mickey falls in love with Kamayani (Elli Avram) an employee of Excalibur Securities. One day in her office Kamayani wrongly transferred a big amount from a client's account but to avoid her from being fired Mickey hacks the company's website to reverse the transaction. Only the next morning Micky came to know that he has unknowingly stolen 100 crore rupees from a Dubai based don and Kamayani has been murdered. Scared of being framed for both the crimes Mickey seeks help from his friends. In the quest to search for the real culprit Mickey traced down 100 crore rupees and finds out that ACP Siddhanth is the master mind who forced Kamayani to bluff him. Mickey calls ACP and his friends to the parking lot of Nehru Place were ACP tells him that his friends Floppy, Pancho and Professor are Bhram Gang and want to kill him for the money as they did to the two hackers and Kamayani. Surrounded by all the goons Mickey records and telecasts their confession on YouTube and in the end Inspector Bhalla along with police force arrests them all and leaves Mickey to get information about money from him and credit rolls to show few deleted scenes and audio message of Anwar Raja.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ranvir's fortune is in dumps and selling his ancestral land in Mumbai is the only way to survive. Kukreja, who has put everything at stake, has to get this land to stay away from the wrath of a 'bhai' and also achieve his dream of becoming a builder eventually! For both Ranvir & Kukreja, this plot of land means everything and has to be got any which way. But the key to the land is Ranvir's mama Madho Singh Rathore, in Mandawa, Jhunjhunu. Since the will wasn't made in Ranvir's name, Mama has to give the NOC. Ranvir has to get his Mama to Mumbai within a month & Kukreja has to stop him from reaching Mumbai. We see the transformation of our protagonist Ranvir from a materialistic city youth to someone who is all for family & values & antagonist Kukreja from a 'dalla' to a gangster through this journey, which has some real & funny characters as well. In the 1st half the city goes to a village and in the 2nd the village comes to the city.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Scientist Rohit Mehra lives with his son Krishna "Krrish" Mehra (both played by Hrithik Roshan) in Mumbai. Krishna is married to Priya (Priyanka Chopra) who works as a journalist for Aaj Tak. Rohit works in a research institute for the Indian government and Krishna, while moon lighting as the superhero Krrish, is regularly fired from various day jobs due to lack of attendance. Rohit is researching on a device that will bring life to dead tissues by the use of solar energy. Despite several attempts, he fails to complete the experiment due to the high intensity of sun rays. On a usual day, Krishna loses his job from the security wing of a company when he hears news about an aeroplane whose front tyres are stuck due to some malfunctioning which creates high risk, even if landed, it may explode and so will the passengers inside. Krishna immediately changes himself to Krrish and saves the plane from accident by holding the landing gear in place to allow the tyres to support the nose of the craft.
A few days later, Rohit hears about a deadly disease spreading in Namibia due to a virus whose antidote has not yet been discovered. He consults his friend Dr. Varun Shetty (Arif Zakaria) about the situation. Meanwhile, Shetty receives a phone call from Dr. Alok Sen (Asif Basra), a scientist working for Kaal Laboratories who insists on meeting him in order to reveal information about the virus and its antidote. Both Sen and Shetty are, however, murdered by Kaya (Kangana Ranaut), a shapeshifting female mutant. She is the henchwoman of Kaal (Vivek Oberoi), a handicapped evil genius who possesses telekinetic powers. Kaal creates a team of human-animal hybrids called "maanvars", with distinct physical powers in order to cure himself but fails. Later it is revealed the virus in Namibia was spread by Kaal himself to incur huge profits by selling its antidote, the singular source of which is his blood.
Rohit discovers that the virus, which is fast spreading through Mumbai, has no effect on Krishna, the pregnant Priya or himself. He, thus, makes an antidote by using the blood from Krishna's bloodstream which he spreads with the help of explosions. An enraged Kaal sends his mutants to attack Rohit and find out how an antidote was developed without using his own blood. Krrish manages to save Rohit, but Priya is injured and hospitalised. Krrish, however, manages to defeat the mutant Striker (Gowhar Khan). Kaya, carrying out Kaal's instructions, shapeshifts into Priya while Priya is kidnapped by Kaal. In the form of Priya, Kaya leads Krishna to believe that Priya has lost her child, and continues to live with the Mehras. While finding the truth behind the antidote's formula she develops an attraction towards Krishna. Failing to get answers about Frog Man's involvement with the virus attack, Rohit travels to Singapore to seek answers from Dr. Siddhant Arya's (Naseeruddin Shah) partner, where he is kidnapped by Kaal's men. Meanwhile, Krishna discovers the true identity of Priya; furious, he reveals himself as Krrish to Kaya and orders her to take him to Kaal's laboratory. Having fallen in love with Krishna, Kaya decides to help rescue his wife.
At Kaal's laboratory, it is revealed that Kaal is Rohit's son, who was created by an experiment conducted by Dr. Arya while Rohit was held hostage by him years earlier. The child was born handicapped, and was thus given away to an orphanage from where he was adopted by a wealthy man (Mohnish Behl). Kaal uses Rohit's bone marrow to successfully cure his handicap. Meanwhile, Kaya saves Priya and unites her with Krrish; she is, however, murdered by Kaal for her disloyalty. Kaal subsequently murders Krrish, and dons a metal suit. Deeply disturbed by his son's death, Rohit decides to re-use his failed experiment to bring dead tissues to life in order to save Krishna. This time, however, he absorbs the excess energy himself. The process simultaneously kills Rohit and transfers his powers to a revived Krishna. Meanwhile, Kaal threatens to destroy the city of Mumbai if Priya does not surrender to him. Krrish re-emerges and, after several unsuccessful attempts, manages to kill him using Rohit's solar experiment.
Six months later, Priya names their new-born son Rohit, who also exhibits superpowers.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot Satya is narrated by a voice (Makrand Deshpande) about the underworld that has been slowed down from the last decade in Mumbai. The story is based on Satya (Puneet Singh Ratn) who comes to Mumbai and starts working for Lahoti (Mahesh Thakur) a construction magnate. Trying to beat a competitor in a deal he gets involved with the mafia and some underworld elements who don't have the clout anymore. Slowly he plans assassinations for Lahoti and other business people in Mumbai and around India and grows to be a go to person for such crimes. During this time he gets his friend production money for his film and gets a flat and brings his girlfriend Chitra (Anaika Soti). He makes enemies all around and in a shootout with cops loses his girlfriend and also his friend. But even thought he is captured he is able to get out of jail through the Company he creates with his connections and begins his reign as the newest underworld leader in Mumbai.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A romantic musical, Rajjo is the journey of a Nautch girl in the most extraordinary circumstances. It tells the love story of Rajjo (Kangana Ranaut) and Chandu (Paras Arora) set against the backdrop of the dying Kothas of Mumbai that nurtured the traditional art of singing and dancing for centuries.
The story’s central characters are Rajjo, a Muslim girl and Chandu, a young Brahmin boy. When Chandu helps his team win a cricket match, the team decides to celebrate the victory by visiting the Kothas of Nagpada. This is where Chandu meets Rajjo who mesmerizes him with her elegant Mujra dance and it is love at first sight for him.
Chandu belongs to a family of music lovers; he is a very good harmonium player, his mother is a Bhajan singer. Rajjo is trained under Kothewali Amma; she is naughty, sweet and quite attractive. Music is the common thread between them, as is the strong attraction that draws Rajjo and Chandu together and seals their love. Simultaneously the Nagpada area goes under the clutches of re-development and all the dancers and singers are under the shadow of this potential danger. Amidst these circumstances, Rajjo and Chandu have to deal with Begum (Mahesh Manjrekar) who runs the Kotha and Hande Bhau (Prakash Raj), a corporator with powerful political connections who has his eye on Rajjo.
-----------------------------------------------------------
During the festival of Holi, Ram boldly enters the house of the Sanera heads and flirts with Leela (Deepika Padukone), while her mother, Dhankor Baa (Supriya Pathak Kapur), the chieftain of the Saneras, is busy arranging a match for her daughter with a simple-minded NRI. Leela's elder brother Kanji (Sharad Kelkar) is angered by Ram's entry in the house and bribes the local police to raid Ram's house. Ram, however, manages to convince the policemen to leave in exchange for a set of his blue films. Ram and Leela develop a romance and plan to elope but a grim turn of events follows when Kanji accidentally kills Meghji and is in turn killed by Ram.
To escape the suffering, Ram and Leela elope and marry but just as they are about to consummate their marriage, Ram's friends trace them and betray him by inebriating him and informing Leela's family of their location. The next morning, Leela is forcibly taken back home by Bhavani, her cousin, while Ram is hailed as a hero by the Rajadis for soiling Leela's reputation. He is rewarded by being made the new chieftain of the Rajadis. Meanwhile, Dhankor Baa (Supriya Pathak) arranges the engagement of Leela and the NRI, much to the chagrin of the pair. Leela refuses, citing that her finger is already occupied by the ring from her marriage to Ram. In her anger, Dhankor Baa chops off Leela's finger and upon learning of this, Ram does the same to his own finger and visits Leela while she is asleep. Leela still retains faith in Ram and sends Rasila (Richa Chadda), the widow of Kanji, to give Ram an ultimatum to take her away. Rasila is assaulted by Ram's friends and when Dhankor Baa learns of this, she sends Bhavani and other men to assault Kesar (Barkha Bisht Sengupta), Meghji's widow, who manages to evade them.
In response to the attempt on Kesar, Ram storms into Leela's house and incapacitates the guards single-handedly. He then requests Dhankor Baa to consider negotiation for peace, and she invites him to celebrate Navratri with the Saneras, with the intention of having him killed. However, at the event, Bhavani secretly shoots and seriously injures Dhankor Baa to place the blame on the Rajadi. Leela is made the chieftain of the Saneras and gets busy tending to her mother. She bitterly carries out a negotiation with Ram, equally dividing the travel routes and trades, with the condition that the Saneras and Rajadis will not interact with each other ever again. Bhavani does not tolerate this development and deceives Leela into blindly signing a document that orders unrestrained killings of the Rajadis. During Dusshera, as the Ramlila parade is ending, many of the Rajadis are killed and the village is on the brink of war, which Ram senses. Ram and Leela decide that they are each other's and murder each other wholeheartedly by shooting one another and falling into a body of water, all the while oblivious to the fact that Dhankor Baa has undergone a change of heart and has killed Bhavani, ordering peace be meted out to the other clan. The two clans come together to cremate the bodies of the lovers.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sriram Venkat lives with his family in Bangalore. Sriram is a cool guy who loves himself and has just returned from studying architecture in the United States. Sriram is brought the marriage proposal of Vasudha (Shraddha Kapoor). Sriram accepts the marriage proposal but Vasudha is reluctant to marry Sriram as she loves a Punjabi boy, Kamal, who has no job and is a social worker. Sriram takes Vasudha to a restaurant and narrates his story about when he was in love with Dia Sharma (Kareena Kapoor), also a social worker. Sriram meets Dia in Delhi when he comes with his girlfriend Jyoshna to attend her brother’s wedding. In order to clear the traffic on the road, Dia uses Sriram’s jacket to make her stomach appear pregnant.
Sriram meets Dia again after 6 months at a mall opening in Bangalore. Dia sends all the children inside the mall to play as there was no place for the kids to play. Sriram gets impressed by Dia and they start dating. On one such date, Dia takes Sriram to a place where she wants to build an orphanage. While on the other side, Sriram is sad as his dad is not buying him an Audi. There are many builders behind that property. One late evening Sriram calls Dia outside her hotel. Dia learns that Sriram has bought the property to his father and in return he has got an Audi. Dia has an argument with Sriram because the land he has brought for his dad is the land Dia had chosen for building an orphanage.She soon breaks up with him after a relationship of more than 1 year.
At Sriram’s wedding Vasudha makes him realise that he still loves Dia and won’t be able to handle their wedding. Sriram runs away from his wedding to Dia’s house. There he finds out that Dia is living in a village in Gujarat, Jhumli. Sriram reaches the village and promises Dia that he won’t leave the village until Dia comes with him back home. Dia still angry with Sriram tells him that if he could build a bridge in the village she will come back with him and forgive him. The village head Latesh bhai, (Anupam Kher) is hesitant to build a bridge worth crores. Latesh takes tax from the villagers, enjoying his money, doing nothing for the villagers,much in contrast to his father. Sriram and Dia approach Kirtibhai a local politician who agrees to invest for the bridge. The works starts but not for long as a few days after Kirtibhai is found corrupt. Sriram then makes a deal with Latesh to sell the 10 acre barren land of Jhumli, which Dia never wanted to, in turn for completing the bridge. Sriram agrees with the fact that Dia would be angry at his move. The bridge building starts. After some days the head comes and tells he is going to start to build the chemical factory soon. Dia was shocked for she always anticipated the head would do something like that once he got the land. Dia angry with Sriram yells at him, telling him that he committed the same mistake yet again and tells him to leave Jhumli. But this time Sriram too gets angry with her for making such a statement after he has done this far and leaves the village. But he comes back, determined to complete his task, the bridge work. He requests Latesh bhai to stop building the factory for the sake of the villagers. In turn he gets badly beaten by Latesh bhai's men. Then Latesh's father silent all over the years gives him a contract which will not further allow him to enjoy the comforts of being his son. The head realising his mistake,stops further commencement on building the factory and permits Sriram to complete the bridge. Dia gets to know all about this. She forgives Sriram for all his earlier misdeeds and they finally reunite on the newly built bridge.
The film ends with Dia going back with Sriram to the city but she asks him if they could stay in the nearby village as there is some electricity problem. Sriram, on hearing this, starts running away as Dia laughs.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raja Mishra (Saif Ali Khan) gatecrashes into a marriage while trying to escape from a brawl. The bride's cousin, Rudra Tripathi (Jimmy Shergill), and Raja form a friendship upon Raja revealing that he is a uninvited guest. While in process of seducing the mujra dancer, Raja overhears a plot by Lallan Tiwari (Chunky Pandey) to execute everyone in the wedding upon instructions from a land lord wanting to use Rudra's uncle's land for poppy farming. Raja warns everyone about the impending attack and Raja and Rudra fight off the attacking Lallan Singh's gang. Rudra's uncle (Sharat Saxena) sees the potential in Raja and Rudra forming an alliance for offering protection to political personalities and offers them to join his gang. Not wanting to enter the world of politics, they refuse and Rudra's uncle advices them to take refuge from Lallan's gang in jail. In a later incident Rudra's uncle is killed by the poppy field owner with help of Lallan Singh.
In jail, Raja and Rudra meet Shirivastav ji - a political advisor having knowledge of everything happening in UP politics. He arranges for Raja and Rudra to leave jail and avenge the death of Rudra's uncle by killing Lallan. Their success creates news in political circles and Shirivastav advises them to join hands with Ram Babu Shukla in order to take revenge against the poppy field owner.
They start working for Ram Babu Shukla (Raj Babbar), a politician, and in the process kill the poppy fields' owner, gain credibility and support in the political circles which brings them fortune and fame amongst youth. Their friendship and partnership is talk of the town making the otherwise preferred hitman Sumer Yadav rendering useless.
While representing Ram Babu Shukla in an important meeting Raja and Rudra are insulted by Bajaj (Gulshan Grover). In order to teach him a lesson Raja and Rudra kidnap Bajaj while he is in process of pretend interviewing a girl named Mitali (Sonakshi Sinha) for the role of actress. They extort money from Bajaj and in process Raja started to develop feelings for Mitali. On advice of Shukla, Raja, Rudra and Mitali go to Mumbai until matters settle and avoid any attacked from Bajaj. Raja proposes to Mitali and Rudra approves of their relationship. Later they return to UP and while Raja is getting his sister's engagement done, Bajaj arrives at their house with a shooter Sumer Yadav (Ravi Kishan) and kills Rudra.
Raja takes his revenge by killing Bajaj which turns all political and business fraternity against him. They all want him dead in order to gain Bajaj's money which is needed to fund their election campaigns but is being held by Shirivastav. They plot to kill him by appointing a police officer from Chambal, Arun Singh Munna (Vidyut Jamwal). Raja meanwhile moves to Kolkata with Mitali where their romance furthers. Upon returning from Kolkata, Raja finds Sumer and kills him in front of Arun and in the following fight spares Arun's life. A mole in Raja's gang (Gaurav Dixit), ordered by Shukla, plots to kill Raja. According to the plan, Arun will kill Raja, but then the mole will kill Arun to appease the youth that support Raja. Raja finds out about the plan and reveals it to Arun. Together, they kill the mole and fake Raja's death. In the end, it shows Raja leaving with Mitali for a new life and Arun is also shown to be leaving with them.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Romeo Rajkumar (Shahid Kapoor) is an aimless youth who arrives in Dhartipur, a small town ruled by two drug barons named Shivraj Gurjar (Sonu Sood) and his arch enemy Manik Parmar (Ashish Vidyarthi), controlled by a Mafia don named Ajit Taaka (Srihari), who operates in Hong Kong. Rajkumar begins working for Shivraj. But his life changes forever when he claps eyes on the beautiful, educated Chanda (Sonakshi Sinha). Unknown to him, Chanda is an orphan who is being raised by Manik Parmar. After some persistent wooing, Chanda falls for Rajkumar's charms. Just when their love was about to flourish, Shivraj and Parmar compromise and Parmar decides to get Chanda married to Shivraj, against Chanda's wish. Angered Rajkumar beats Shivraj's men and challenges him, saying that he will marry Chanda in front of Shivraj. Furious, Shivraj plans to get Rajkumar killed in an encounter by his pet police officer. But in return, gets a shocking surprise when it is revealed that Rajkumar actually works for Don Ajit Takka and was sent to Dhartipur only to take over the drug cartel to which both Shivraj and Parmar owe allegiance. Rajkumar captures Shivraj's truck full of drugs and drives it to Takka. After giving Shivraj's stolen truck to Takka, he discovers that the truck was empty. In a twist of events, it turns out that Shivraj and Takka had joined hands, and purposely made Rajkumar steal the empty truck. Shivraj and Takka brutally kill Rajkumar and bury him. Shivraj starts his wedding celebrations with Chanda, only to be interrupted by the still alive Rajkumar, who is shown to have been rescued by one of Shivraj's henchmen after he was buried. Shivraj's men back off, because they are now friends with Rajkumar, hence leading to a one on one fight between the two. Finally, Rajkumar kills Shivraj with a power punch to the neck and later kills Don Takka with a ceramic tile. The film ends with all the men beating Parmar, while a severely injured Rajkumar and Chanda walk away hand in hand happily.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Francis (Sachiin J Joshi) packs in the muscle and has a can of beer always close at hand. He is also street-smart enough to impress Maya (Sunny Leone), the oomphy voice of reason in the movie. Boss Man (Naseeruddin Shah) is a veteran raver whose clothes are as colorful as his principles and punchlines. Slow in speech but quick to draw a six-shooter, he owns the Jackpot casino.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sudha Mishra is an irate divorcee who begrudgingly entrusts Sumit, her niece’s fiance, with the responsibility of taking care of her house while she is way visiting her son. And her most important instruction is to feed her fish- Mishti- and water her plants. His very acceptance into the family depends on his ability to do this. When she returns a month later to her Vasant Kunj house, everything seems to be in order until she opens the bathroom door and discovers a wailing woman who runs out of her house.
The rest of the film follows the events that lead up to this encounter and the madcap events that take place in her house while she was away. The narrative moves back and forth between a recap of the previous events and the present, in which Sudha narrates an increasingly dramatized account of what she believes was an encounter with a spirit locked in her house. The possession of her house changes hands several times between a lineup of characters that include an eloping couple, a womanizing property broker, a cross dressing boxer and a family from Manipur before Sumit finally gets her house back in shape for her return. The title of the movie alludes to the multiple times that her fish Mishti dies and gets replaced by the occupants of the house.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the year 1990, Iqbal Haroon Khan (Jackie Shroff) runs The Great Indian Circus in Chicago, which has fallen on bad times. Anderson's (Andrew Bicknell) bank — Western Bank of Chicago — which has lent money to Iqbal Khan, decides to close down the circus when Khan is unable to repay the loan. Young Sahir (Siddharth Nigam), the little son of Iqbal Khan, pleads with Anderson not to shut down his father's circus, as he and his father would soon be able to turn the corner. But Iqbal Khan's presentation before the bankers and Sahir's pleas don't help. Iqbal Khan commits suicide in front of the heartless Anderson, leaving Sahir devastated.
Now in 2013, Sahir (Aamir Khan) has still not forgotten the high-handedness of the bank and swears revenge. He robs various branches of Western Bank of Chicago, leaving behind a message in Hindi and a clown mask. During the chase, he runs from top to the bottom of the Western Bank of Chicago building. As the Chicago Police Department comes to the scene, he runs into a van as they begin to surround the vehicle. Sahir jumps out in a BMW K1300R after a little explosion. On the chase, he slides under a truck and pops out to continue. He further kicks a police officer off his patrol motorcycle causing the officer to lose control and crash into a newspaper stand. While beyond that, Sahir continually tries to escape his pursuers and goes into a public parking garage. Then out of nowhere, he uses a steel cable cord like an attachment and rides his bike on it and is nearly knocked down by a train. despite all efforts of law enforcement, the robbery isn't foiled and he successfully gets away.
As Chicago Police Officer Victoria (Tabrett Bethell) fails to catch him, she calls ACP Jay Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan) and his partner, Ali (Uday Chopra), for help in solving the case. Jay baits Sahir into robbing again by making it known he's on the case and that he believes the thief to be an amateur thereby goading him on. Gathering information from a news channel regarding the plan, Sahir poses as an informant for Jay, and manages to gather information on the bank while giving Jay a lead to follow. Eventually, Sahir robs the bank and escapes, but Jay and Ali follow him. During the pursuit, Sahir nearly knocks Ali and jumps over Wabash Avenue as the bridge rises, his bike transforms into a jet ski. While on a water pursuit, Jay takes a boat and chases Sahir. After almost knocking off Ali, Sahir is about to reach the next bridge but the police arrives. Sahir dives underwater, then jumps out from the water transforming his jet ski back to his bike. Jay, while hanging on a helicopter ladder, manages to shoot Sahir on the left shoulder before he disappears again.
Sahir has a big premiere of a revamped version of The Great Indian Circus, with his female lead acrobat, Aaliya (Katrina Kaif), involving a trick with him disappearing in one place and showing up in another. The show is a success, but afterwards, Jay, Ali, and the police surround him, knowing he's the thief. Jai says the proof will be the gunshot wound, but when Sahir is examined, there is no evidence of a gunshot wound anywhere on his body. Jay and Ali leave while Sahir retires to his dressing room. It is then revealed that Sahir has an autistic twin brother, Samar, who helps him pull off his trick and helps him in planning and pulling of the robberies and it was Samar who sustained the gun-shot wound.
Jay is fired from the case, but is encouraged by Ali to prove Sahir's guilt by going rogue. Jay eventually finds out about Samar, and sets about finding a way to corner Sahir. Samar, being mentally challenged, is kept in seclusion by Sahir. However, he allows Samar outdoors once a week, and Jay manages to befriend him during this time in order to perform his plan. Samar has fallen in love with Aaliya after performing with her in the circus, but cannot express it. This leads to a rift between the brothers. Jay tries to take advantage of this, but Sahir finds out and thwarts Jay's plan to stop them.When Sahir comes in the disguise of Samar, Jay reveals his true identity and assuming him to be Samar, tells him to surrender since he can give them justice. When Sahir reveals himself, he ties Jay to the track of a roller coaster and tells him that he used Samar for his own benefit. He switches the roller coaster on but Ali arrives in time to save him from being crushed. He decides the only way to catch the brothers is in the act of robbing. Sahir and Samar pull off their final bank heist, and escape. However, the following day, Jay manages to corner them as they're making their way out of town. They rob on 22 May. Samar is hesitant to run when Aaliya shows up, begging him to stop. Sahir surrenders to Jay, asking him to spare Samar. Jai agrees, but right after, Sahir attempts to jump off the dam. Samar grabs Sahir's hand, refusing to let him go. Sahir begs Samar to let go, saying he can live freely with Aaliya. But Samar says that both of them are born together and should die together. Eventually, the two of them jump off the dam together. Western Bank of Chicago is shut down as a result of the heists, while Aaliya is shown having taken over The Great Indian Circus and still performing for it.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mr Joe B. Carvalho (Arshad Warsi) is your (slightly below) average corny-go-lucky private eye in the quest for a truly challenging case that can bring in money and fame and change his fortunes for good. A moneyed Khurana (Shakti Kapoor) hands him a case to find his eloped daughter.
Meanwhile, Joe's ex-girlfriend Inspector Shantipriya Phadnis (Soha Ali Khan) is chasing an international criminal Carlos (Jaaved Jaffrey) a lollypop-sucking international terrorist who is in town with a big murder plot. A local underworld don MKK (Vijay Raaz) has been roped in to help Carlos but with intentions of killing him.
The detective-inspector-don ends up in the terrorist's hotel room and Joe is mistaken as Carlos. Both MK and Shantipriya are now on his trail, whereas clueless Joe ends up spying on a wrong girl.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the small village of Ramgarh, the retired policeman Thakur Baldev Singh (Sanjeev Kumar) summons a pair of small-time thieves that he had once arrested. Thakur feels that the duo—Veeru (Dharmendra) and Jai (Amitabh Bachchan)—would be ideal to help him capture Gabbar Singh (Amjad Khan), a dacoit wanted by the authorities for a ₹ 50,000 reward. Thakur tells them to surrender Gabbar to him, alive, for an additional ₹ 20,000 reward.
The two thieves thwart the dacoits sent by Gabbar to extort the villagers. Soon afterwards, Gabbar and his goons attack Ramgarh during the festival of Holi. In a tough battle, Veeru and Jai are cornered. Thakur, although he has a gun within his reach, does not help them. Veeru and Jai fight back and the bandits flee. The two are, however, upset at Thakur's inaction, and consider leaving the village. Thakur explains that Gabbar had killed nearly all of his family members, and cut off both his arms a few years earlier, which is why he could not use the gun. He had concealed the dismemberment by always wearing a shawl.
Living in Ramgarh, the jovial Veeru and cynical Jai find themselves growing fond of the villagers. Veeru is attracted to Basanti (Hema Malini), a feisty, talkative young woman who makes her living by driving a horse-cart. Jai is drawn to Radha (Jaya Bhaduri), Thakur's reclusive, widowed daughter-in-law, who subtly returns his affections.
Skirmishes between Gabbar's gang and Jai-Veeru finally result in the capture of Veeru and Basanti by the dacoits. Jai attacks the gang, and the three are able to flee Gabbar's hideout with dacoits in pursuit. Fighting from behind a rock, Jai and Veeru nearly run out of ammunition. Veeru, unaware that Jai was wounded in the gunfight, is forced to leave for more ammunition. Meanwhile, Jai, who is continuing the gunfight singlehandedly, decides to sacrifice himself by using his last bullet to ignite dynamite sticks on a bridge from close range.
Veeru returns, and Jai dies in his arms. Enraged, Veeru attacks Gabbar's den and catches the dacoit. Veeru nearly beats Gabbar to death when Thakur appears and reminds Veeru of the promise to hand over Gabbar alive. Thakur uses his spike-soled shoes to severely injure Gabbar and destroy his hands. The police then arrive and arrest Gabbar. After Jai's funeral, Veeru leaves Ramgarh and finds Basanti waiting for him on the train. Radha is left alone again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Khaalujaan "uncle dear" (Naseeruddin Shah) and his nephew Babban (Arshad Warsi), a thief duo, pose as a Nawab and his attendant, and manage to run away with a prized necklace from a jewellery shop. During the police chase, they get separated; Babban escapes, while Khalujaan is injured. Months later, Babban traces Khalujan, again posing as a nawab, this time at a poetry contest. It is a mushaira (gathering of poets) organised by Begum Para (Madhuri Dixit), the widowed Begum of Majidabad, supposedly in compliance with the wishes of her deceased husband. The winner of the poetry contest will win the widowed Begum as his bride, and become the Nawab of Majidabad!
Babban traces Khalujaan on the opening night of the contest. There is another adventurous rascal in the fray, a local MLA-gangster named Jaan Mohammed (Vijay Raaz), who is making the poet Nawab Italwi (Manoj Pahwa) write poetry for him to recite at the contest. The contest proceeds; while Khalujaan has his heart set on Begum Para herself, Babban falls in love with her maid, Muniya (Huma Qureshi). Khalujaan tries to impress the Begum by giving her the prized necklace which he had stolen earlier, but on the final day, Begum declares Jaan Mohammed to be the victor. She declares that she will marry him and then he will become the new nawab of Majidabad.
Since the necklace has clearly failed to move the Begum, Khaalujaan decides to see if a gun will serve the purpose better. However, even as he approaches the Begum brandishing his chosen instrument of persuasion, he finds the dowager being hustled away at gunpoint by a masked man. Khalujaan chases them and blocks their way only to discover that the masked man is none other than his nephew Babban. It turns out that the Begum had plotted her own kidnapping in order to extort money from the nawab-elect (Jaan Mohammad). More twists are then revealed: the Begum was nothing but a dancing-girl (courtesan) who had seduced a middle-aged nawab and married him, only to find that the nawab was actually a pauper who supported his lavish way of life by selling his inherited properties and jewels. He also neglected his wife, who (it is very strongly suggested) developed a relationship of intimacy with a sympathetic maid-servant, Muniya. By the time the nawab died of good living, he had become completely bankrupt and even his palace had been mortgaged to the money-lenders. After his death, the penniless Begum had been helped financially and courted by Jaan Mohammad, a local rich man who was besotted with her and wanted to marry her. He also wanted the title and status of being the "Nawab of Majidabad", which according to the movie would be conferred on the man who marries the widowed Begum (this is a silly narrative device, such a thing can never happen in India).
However, Jaan Mohammad was a man of low birth and uncultured mannerisms, a former street-thug turned businessman turned politician, who even employed a bunch of beefy goons to promote his business and political interests. The idea of marrying such a man was repellent to the Begum, who was anyway in love with her maid-servant. It was also socially unacceptable, which is what the Begum tells Jaan Mohammad. It is he who comes up with the idea of holding a contest. The birth and breeding of the man who wins the contest will be irrelevent; the begum can say that she had no choice but the marry the winner. Thus, the mushiara itself is an elaborate hoax: the late nawab had never stipulated that his widow should marry someone else, much less that the winner should be recognized as "nawab of Majidabad." It was the Begum's own idea, the purpose being to snare a rich man and marry him. The Begum did not want to marry Jaan Mohammad, but she wanted his money, therefore she was staging a kidnapping in order to receive a ransom from Jaan Mohammad. She has employed Babban to act as her kidnapper and extort a hefty ransom from Jaan Mohammad, who was expected to pay up because otherwise he would never fulfill his dream of becoming a Nawab.
Babban duly phones Jaan Mohammed (who is by now aware of the Begum's cunning plan) to bring a ransom of 10 crore (100 million) rupees in cash to the railway station. All four of them (Begum, maid, and the uncle-nephew duo) reach the railway station to collect the money, but find that they are surrounded by Jaan Mohammad's goons and henchmen. To their good fortune, Nawab Italwi arrives with a police force and cross-firing starts (it turns out that Nawab Italwi also is not what he seems to be; he is a policeman in disguise). Begum and Muniya escape from the situation leaving behind Babban and Khalujaan to be arrested. Two months later, the uncle-nephew duo get bail and, as they leave the jail, they are given a letter from Begum and Muniya. It is a cheeky letter of thanks and goodbye from the women, informing the men that they have sold the priceless necklace and used the proceeds to buy a house and settle down in a faraway town whose name they withhold. Uncle and nephew are now exactly at the same situation where they were at the start of all these shenanigans -- the movie ends with the duo once again surrounded by Mushtaq (Salman Shahid) and his gang of rowdy vagrants.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Living in a university campus set in Sikkim, Lakshya (Himansh Kohli) is the son of a martyred army officer but does not appreciate his father's sacrifice for the nation. Lakshya, Jiya (Nicole Faria) - a college bombshell, Saloni (Rakul Preet Singh) - a geek, Pardy - a drummer, and Neil - a biker, are five close friends who are exploring the best moments of their lives in college, experiencing different relationships yet living an aimless life. They come across a challenge when their college land has been bought by an Australian businessman who plans to build a casino instead but is ready to lease out the land to the college for 100 years only if they're able to defeat a team of Australian students in a five-round competition.
For the first three rounds they are sent to Australia where Lakshya meets his best friend and cousin Debu. During the first round of rock concert, the Australian band steals Lakshya and his band's song, and on protest they brutally beat Debu. While Debu is rushed to hospital, Lakshya and the band perform a Hindi song, eventually losing the first round. Saloni then wins the second round which is a chess competition. Unable to recover from his injuries, Debu succumbs to death in the hospital. Disturbed by his death, Saloni and Neil lose the third round of bike race, giving Australia a 2-1 lead.
The competition is then shifted to India with two more rounds to go. Lakshya discovers that Neil was the traitor who gave their song to the Australian band and intentionally lost the bike race motivated by a greed of getting an Australian emigration as promised by an Australian team member. Neil is now planning to lose the cycle race as well, but in order to fail his plan, Lakshya befriends Jannet (Evelyn Sharma) and makes Neil believe that the Australians are double crossing him. Neil realizes his fault and decides to win the race, but fatefully falls from stairs breaking his leg. Lakshya takes his place and beats Australia in round four leading to a tie between both teams. In the final round of rock climbing, a team member of both teams has to collect his respective country's flag from the hill top and race back to college in order to win the competition. After crossing all the hurdles, Lakshya manages to win the race and the college celebrates their victory. The story ends with Lakshya and Saloni, Jiya and Pardy getting together while Neil repents his deeds.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Karle Pyaar Karle is a love story of two rebels, Kabir and Preet, who are playing the game of their life. Since their childhood, Kabir and Preet indulged in playing dangerous games trying to fight the fear and complexes within. In a desperate moment, 8-year-old Kabir indulged in an act that led him to the juvenile home. In order to protect him, his mother decided to leave town so as to escape the harsh punishment. After travelling from one city to another for twelve years, the family returns to their home town where Kabir and Preet reconnect. This marks the beginning of a new chapter of dares and games.
Preet starts believing that they are ill-fated and it is best that they should stay away from each other. Kabir firmly believes that they can only survive if they are together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Strings Of Passion is an urban commercial flick which tells the story of three men, Neel, Aman and Amit. They are young and dynamic guys who run the band "Strings of Passion" but are shadowed by the influence of drugs, broken love and bad parenting.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jai Agnihotri (Salman Khan) is an ex-army officer whose passions include helping citizens and fighting criminals. He was a major in the Indian Army, but was suspended because he ignored orders from his superiors so that he could rescue a group of children from terrorists. After this incident, Jai moved in with his mother and sister Geeta (Tabu).
One day, Jai is unable to help a physically disabled girl, Suman (Genelia D'Souza), take an examination while her brother is stuck in a traffic block. Suman became depressed because no one came to help her, and she commits suicide. Jai is greatly disturbed by this incident. With Suman’s death fresh in his mind, Jai created a system that would encourage citizens to help each other. Each day, citizens were to help three people. These three people would in turn help three more people, and so on. Jai believed that this network would foster kindness and a sense of community among the citizens. His system, however, faced challenges.
On one occasion, for one of his daily good deeds, Jai beat a rich man who had injured a child beggar. In an act of revenge, the rich man employed some men to take Jai's sister Geeta and friend Rinky into their custody. Jai was able to save his sister and friend, but in the process he injured one of the captors. This captor happened to be the henchman of a member of the Legislative Assembly, named Patil. Patil was the son-in-law of the Home Minister Dashrat Singh.
The Home Minister was not pleased that Jai had injured one of his son-in-law’s henchmen. He attempted to avenge this injury by kidnapping Jai’s nephew. The Home Minister lost his son-in-law in the process. The Chief Minister, Ashok Pradhan, meanwhile found out about Jai's system after his own life was saved by a schoolgirl performing her good deeds for the day. The Chief Minister decided to intervene in the dispute between the Home Minister and Jai in an attempt to put an end to their fight. The Home Minister did not appreciate this intervention. He planned to kill the Chief Minister and frame Jai. Jai, however, was able to save the Chief Minister.
The Home Minister’s son, Arjun Singh, and his hired men attack Jai. Jai killed Arjun, but not before he was severely injured after getting stabbed by the Home Minister’s daughter, Kavita Singh Patil. A rickshaw driver and a former colleague, Arjun Kaul, together helped Jai get to the hospital. While Jai was at the hospital, the Home Minister spread rumors that Jai was responsible for trying to kill the Chief Minister. Once the Chief Minister recovered, he revealed that it was the Home Minister, not Jai, behind the attempted murder. A crowd beat the Home Minister after hearing the truth.
Doctors were able to save Jai. Jai had survived thanks to his own help-three-people concept. When Jai emerged from the hospital, he found thousands of people waiting for him. Jai thanked them all for making his concept a success.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Nikhil (Sidharth Malhotra) is a struggling businessman whose girlfriend whom he thinks he loves but she doesnt love, Karishma (Adah Sharma) is an actress. Nikhil is a guy who believes that once you are committed to a girl, there should be no straying. Karishma asks Nikhil to arrange ₹50 million (US$780,000) before marriage, which is 7 days later, to earn a contract.
Nikhil meets Meeta (Parineeti Chopra), Karishma's younger sister, with whom he had a brief encounter 7 years ago. Meeta, who is an IITian in Chemical Engineering and PhD., is a super-intelligent geek with unusual behaviour and habits, who ran away 7 years ago to China after stealing money from her own father, leading to his heart attack. Now, just a week before Nikhil and Karishma's wedding, Meeta has turned up to meet her father, but Karishma is scared that her sister's sudden appearance might ruin their wedding. Hence, Karishma assigns Nikhil to keep Meeta away from her father (Manoj Joshi).
Meeta has returned with an intention to steal again but her involvement with Nikhil during the next 7 days diverts her attention. During these 7 days, with many personal and social activities, Nikhil and Meeta fall in love but Nikhil backs off as he doesn't want to betray Karishma. He comes to know that for her research, Meeta has taken a heavy loan of ₹100 million (US$1.6 million) from a Chinese investor by forging her father's signature. The deadline for payback is over and an extension of three days was given, during which she has to steal money from her father's account to save him from the investor's goons. Nikhil helps Meeta to hack her father's account but advises her to apologize to her family. Meeta reunites with her family and Nikhil realizes he is marrying the wrong girl.
Meeta is unable to gather the courage to steal her father's money and tells her father the truth. Her father forgives her and provides her with the money. Nikhil later tells Meeta on the phone that he should have gone with her to Goa when she asked him to come with her 7 years ago. Meeta tells him that it is not too late for them to run away.
When Nikhil comes to Meeta's house to run away with her, he sees Karishma with her family and returns home, realizing the complications. Nikhil later scolds Meeta for being so ready to run away and says that he cannot torture Karishma even though Karishma has emotionally tortured him throughout their relationship. Nikhil leaves Meeta and tells her to go away from here. Later that night Nikhil receives the call of his investor Mr. Adlani and gets the news that he liked his plan and is ready to invest in his plan.
On the wedding day, Meeta leaves her house without informing anyone except her father, leaving her mobile phone inside Karishma's room. Nikhil tries to call her and sends many texts, which go unanswered. On reaching the mandap Meeta's father informed him that she has already left for china. Karishma finds Meeta's phone in her room, reads the messages, and realizes she has lost Nikhil. During the wedding she asks Nikhil to leave the wedding, her decision is supported by her father. Meeta on the airport cries hard and tries to end her life but give up that decision and goes back to wedding. The two reunite and express their love.
The movie ends with Nikhil and Meeta at the airport, scheduled to travel to Germany. Meeta tells him that there is another problem waiting for them.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A young business magnate Aditya Singh (Adhyayan Suman) is in love with Ria (Ariana Ayam). Aditya requires a heart transplant but refuses due to guilt of killing his father during a boat ride in his childhood. Dr. Sameer Saxena aka Sam (Shekhar Suman) is Aditya's heart surgeon and friend. Aditya asks Dr. Sameer to arrange his elopement with Ria. They marry privately without his mother's knowledge, then Aditya goes to the hospital for the operation. While Aditya's new wife and his mother, Gayatri Singh (Deepti Naval), await completion of his surgery, Aditya encounters anaesthesia awareness.
The surgical pain causes Aditya to have a clairvoyant experience exposing Dr. Sameer's plot to murder Aditya, also revealing that Ria worked at the hospital under Dr. Sameer and has conspired with him against Aditya. Ria's plan was to marry Aditya, and then poison the donor heart to cause its rejection, thus murdering Aditya to collect insurance money to pay off Dr. Sameer's debts. The scheme unravels and Gayatri, realising what has happened, sacrifices herself so that Aditya can live, having barely survived the surgery and attempt on his life. She commits suicide and her heart is switched for the poisoned one by Dr. Trehan (Om Puri). During a shared out-of-body experience, Gayatri reveals to Aditya that his father's death was not his fault but just an accident and that he should value his life for which both his parents has sacrificed. Dr. Sameer and his conspirators are being arrested and Aditya comes back to consciousness. Film closes with Aditya telling Ria that he knows the truth due to anaesthesia awareness and hands her over to police.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ikram (Raju Kher) is a practicing Muslim living happily with his family in Lucknow. His brother, Maulana Jilani (Akhilendra Mishra) is a much respected Muslim face. Having a huge following, the maulana gets his followers out of trouble with the authorities thus adding to his power. But the maulana’s intentions are not what they seem to be. He has a sinister side to him, that of inciting mobs and spreading terrorism. He specialises in choosing boys for suicide bombing missions and brainwashes them in various ways including showing them films of atrocities against Muslims.
On the tail of the maulana is the ATS cop, Rann Vijay Singh (Ajaz Khan), who has information that something is slated to happen in Lucknow on a certain date. Khan's love life has been shattered after his Muslim fiancée learnt that her brother is also a terrorist. She decides to atone for him by not marrying! Gradually,Ran Vijay has zeroed down on the maulana and worked out that a suicide bomber will destroy a crowded mall in the city. He makes it to the mall only to see the bomb going off.
The bomb blast will haunt the maulana as one of the victims is his brother’s pregnant daughter-in-law, Amreen(Arjumman Mughal). Ran vijay’a hopes rested on her since she was seen talking to the bomber before it went off which meant she knew him. She is the only witness to the bombing but she is brain-dead. While the surgeon Dr.Mazhar (Manzar Sehbai) wants to keep her alive till the doctors can bring the child out of her, the maulana makes all the efforts to kill her including threatening Dr.Mazhar with mob violence and destruction of his hospital.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with the narration of the historic event of the independence of Bangladesh after the third Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. Amongst the desolate people affected by the partition are two orphan kids: Bikram and Bala. A man named Lateef (Pankaj Tripathi) happens to meet them, offers them nourishment and asks them if they'll work for him in the illegal smuggling of guns. The two kids agree and manage to do so successfully, using all the tricks of the trade. One day, the chief army officer that Lateef supplies guns to asks Lateef to leave one of the two boys behind to be his personal sex slave, or else he'll forcibly take Lateef's daughter. Bikram hears this and tells Lateef that he'll stay behind in order to save Bala. Bala, however, refuses to part with his best friend and comes back to save Bikram. Bala saves Bikram from the lecherous officer and they both kill him in the process - thereby becoming "partners in crime". As the army chases after the duo, Lateef tries to protect the kids, but in the ensuing skirmish Lateef is killed by the police.
Bikram and Bala arrive at Calcutta by train and begin their lives by working at a small restaurant. Bala gets into a fight with the owner who slaps him and calls him a "refugee" and a "Bangladeshi". The owner then throws both of them out. When Bikram asks a local merchant about the coal's market price, he realizes it's a great opportunity to earn easy money by looting coal from trains and selling it in the market at a lower price. Bala reimburses the restaurant owner for the broken cutlery, slaps the owner and warns him not to mistreat children from hereon.
As they grow up, Bikram (Ranveer Singh) and Bala (Arjun Kapoor) have started looting entire coal trains to increase their market share. Their main competitor is Dibakar (Deepraj Rana), a coal trader. When Bikram and Bala loot one of his trains, Dibakar's men try to unsuccessfully threaten the duo, who promise them that they will loot Dibakar's next cargo as well. When Bikram and Bala, as promised, turn up to loot Dibakar's coal-filled train, Dibakar goads them by calling them "refugees", and a fight breaks out. Before killing Dibakar, Bikram and Bala mention they are not refugees and are Indians as well. The duo, now the undisputed kings of the coal business, start expanding by owning other businesses and become Kings of Calcutta. They convert all their illegal trades to legal business with the help of Kaali Kaka (Saurabh Shukla) and become town heroes by building hospitals, donating to charities and building schools, even though they're both illiterate. They also provide work and help to the poor, thus becoming white-collared and good-hearted samaritans, but their businesses and dealings make them a target of the law, who call them Gunday. Assistant Commissioner of Police Satyajeet Sarkar (Irrfan Khan) is summoned to Calcutta to apprehend Bikram and Bala and bring them to justice. Sarkar, knowing that Bikram and Bala are able to successfully cover up their tracks using Kaali Kaka, warns the duo that he will arrest them the day he finds a single piece of evidence against them.
A local businessman invites Bikram and Bala to the inauguration of the new cabaret he wishes to run in Calcutta, which the duo happily accept. The businessman introduces Bikram and Bala to Himanshu (Anant Vidhaat Sharma), and the businessman assures the duo that Himanshu will be more than happy to assist the duo in any way possible. At the inauguration, Nandita (Priyanka Chopra), a cabaret dancer, enters Bikram and Bala's lives and they both fall in love with her. They decide that whoever manages to win her heart will marry her. After some persistent wooing, Nandita calls both of them to a theater to reveal whom she loves. While Nandita performs onstage on the sensual song "Kaate Nahi Katte Ye Din Ye Raat" from Mr. India, Bala gets into a quarrel with a person over a lewd comment the guy passes on Nandita, and in the subsequent brawl shoots the man. Bikram asks Bala to run away for the time being as Sarkar is searching for Bala, and promises not to meet Nandita until Bala returns. ACP Sarkar advices Bikram to tell Bala not to return to Calcutta or he (Bala) will be killed. Nandita tells Bikram that she's in love with him and if he does not come to Durga Puja, she will never see him again. Bikram agrees to meet her and they perform Durga Puja together. Bala finds out about this through Himanshu, and returns to Calcutta during Durga Puja. On seeing Bikram and Nandita happy together, an enraged Bala shoots at Bikram after blaming him of breaking his promise, but misses and hits Nandita instead. She is rushed to hospital and survives, but Bikram and Bala's friendship is damaged in the process.
Bala then finds out that all business they both owned are in Bikram's name, hence he angrily calls Bikram and asks for an equal partition of the business. Bikram agrees, and transfers half the business to Bala, even the ration card which is a proof of their Indian nationality. Bala then talks about dividing Nandita between them as well. Bikram becomes livid, and a fight erupts. Bikram wins, but he spares Bala, remembering how Bala once saved Bikram's life when they were kids, thus making them "even". Bikram warns Bala not to bother Nandita or he will kill him.
Bikram asks Nandita to marry him, but Nandita tells him that she cannot marry him unless he leaves his criminal life behind. Bikram agrees, and they decide to get married. To exact revenge on Bikram, Bala blows up Bikram's coal mines and kidnaps Nandita. As Bikram readies to end the feud once and for all, Sarkar asks Bikram to turn state's evidence and implicate Bala so that Bikram and Nandita can live happily.
Bala threatens Nandita that if she won't leave Bikram, he will kill her. Nandita tells him that she still loves Bikram, explaining why she chose Bikram, and not him. She also reveals the truth: that Bikram did not wish to break his promise to Bala, and it was she who asked Bikram to come to Durga Puja. Bala, heartbroken, realizes his mistakes, and drops Nandita off to let her go back to Bikram and apologizes to her before he leaves. Nandita is then revealed to be an undercover police officer working for Sarkar, who is helping Sarkar to get Bikram and Bala separated and arrested.
Meanwhile, as Bikram gets ready to work together with Sarkar to implicate Bala, he runs into the man who Bala supposedly "killed", and finds out that the man is actually a police officer. Nandita tries to convince Bikram that upon surrendering he will be treated leniently by the law, but Bikram truly believes that the police and the system were responsible for destroying his and Bala's innocence and childhood. Nandita reveals her identity to Bikram, and the bewildered Bikram realizes that Nandita was a part of the trap Sarkar set up to divide Bikram and Bala. When she requests him to surrender, he refuses and goes to reunite himself with Bala.
Himanshu takes Bala deep in the coal mine under the guise of having to meet Dutta, thereby trapping Bala. Himanshu then reveals his true identity: he is the brother of Dibakar, and he had witnessed the murder of his brother at the hands of Bikram and Bala. Himanshu also reveals Nandita's true identity and attempts to kill Bala, but Bikram shows up to rescue Bala, after which Bala kills Himanshu by impaling him. The duo get reunited at last, and Bala asks Bikram for forgiveness. The duo find themselves surrounded by police, spearheaded by Sarkar and Nandita, and decide to make a run for it. After a long chase, Bala and Bikram get cornered by Sarkar and Nandita. Nandita confesses once again to Bikram that she truly loves him and he should surrender, whilst Sarkar also tries to convince Bala to surrender and to begin life anew. But, to their surprise, Bikram and Bala spot a train passing by and start running towards it to catch it. Sarkar and Nandita fire bullets at them, as the film ends with the death of Bikram and Bala and their narrative, saying:
"Khudaa Ke Banday Hain Hum; Hum Gunday The, Gunday Hain, Gunday Rahenge Hum..."
"We Are God's Creations; We Were, We Are, And We'll Always Be Outlaws..."
-----------------------------------------------------------
Asia's largest mall "Amity Mall" is ready for inauguration, although there is controversy surrounding the recent deaths of construction workers and the mall staff, leading the media to label the mall as haunted. Vishnu (Jimmy Shergill) is mysteriously recommended for the job of chief security officer on the eve of the inaugural party.
On the night of the party, the owner of the mall Mr. Manchanda (Arif Zakaria) and his associate, Mr. Khan (Asif Basra), children of Mr. Manchanda, Ahana (Nushrat Bharucha) and Naveed along with their friends are also at the party. One by one, a ghostly apparition targets the teenagers and mall investors. Meanwhile, Vishnu slowly uncovers clues about the identity of the ghost.
As the party ends, Mr. Manchanda, Mr. Khan, their children and Vishnu along with the mall's event manager find themselves locked inside after all the guests have gone home. The six of them struggle to stay alive as the ghost continues its killing spree.
Through a flashback the ghost of a child reveals to Vishnu, that the mall was built over what used to be an orphanage, that burned to the ground two decades ago. Vishnu’s connection to the killings is that he was one of the orphans living with the nun and other children at the orphanage.
Mr. Manchanda and Mr. Khan tried to get the nun to sell the orphanage, but when she refused, they had the orphanage burnt down. Vishnu (known as Arjun as a child), managed to escape but due to an injury he lost his memory of what transpired.
The horrific smokey apparition is the ghost of the nun who kills all those involved in the crime. The ghosts of the dead children play their part in the killings as they simultaneously warn, befuddle and scare the people within the mall killing not only those involved but guiltless people as well.
After the nun kills Mr. Manchanda, she also attempts to kill Ahana, till Vishnu begs the nun to stop as she has already killed the men responsible. The movie ends with the nun sparing Ahana and she and Vishnu are shown walking out of the mall.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Veera Tripathi (Alia Bhatt) is the daughter of a rich business tycoon. One day before her wedding, she is abducted from a petrol station off a highway, while her fiance - who she did not really love, sits in the car convulsed with fear. The gang who takes her panic when they find out that her father has links in the government. However, Mahabir Bhati (Randeep Hooda), one of the abductors, is willing to do whatever it takes to see this through.
The men continuously move Veera through different cities, to avoid being tracked by police. As the days go by, Veera finds peace and a new-found freedom, which confuses and frustrates Mahabir. Veera becomes comfortable with her captors, to the point that she confides in Mahabir the horrors of her childhood, when she was sexually abused by her own uncle as a nine-year-old. She veiws the abduction as a blessing in disguise, since she finally has the chance to experience life and find herself.
Eventually, when the police forcefully search the truck, Veera, surprising even herself, hides. She concludes that she loves the journey and doesn't want to go back to her family and old life. Slowly, she unravels Mahabir's story in bits and pieces. His father abused both him when he was a young child, and his mother was used as a sex slave by the rich landlords. Mahabir escaped and has never returned.
Mahabir slowly lets down his guard and begins to care for Veera, and his anger fades away slowly. He tries to leave her at a police station in one of the small mountainous towns they stop in. However, Veera refuses and insists on staying with Mahabir. Together, they travel and he starts to fall in love with her. They stay in a hilltop house and Veera reveals that one of her many crazy dreams was always to have a small home in the mountains. Mahabir becomes emotional seeing the way Veera cares for him, reminding him of his mother. Both sleep peacefully that night, free from their respective haunting pasts. But the very next morning, police arrive and, during the chaos, shoot Mahabir, to which Veera reacts emotionally and strongly.
She later is brought back to parent's house, where she is surrounded by her family members, including her fiancé. She finally confronts her uncle who harassed her as a child. She yells and breaks down as she asks her father why he warned her only about dangers posed by outsiders, while the real threat was from insiders, the people who had surrounded her since childhood. She leaves the house and goes to live in the mountains. She gets a job in a factory, buys a house and lives there. The film ends with Veera looking at the mountains, then the sky. Closing her eyes, she sees her nine-year-old self playing happily on the hillside. A boy (Mahabir) joins her. She watches them play, making peace with both the man she loved and their mutual childhood forms.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Siddharth (Farhan Akhtar) and Trisha (Vidya Balan) are a happily married couple until Trisha gets pregnant and things start getting complicated. Sid is not ready for a baby as he is just a struggling music composer, yet lies to Trisha. On his friends' advice, Sid starts reading pregnancy books and following Trisha's daily routine by putting a balloon in his shirt. Finally, Trisha gives birth to a baby girl and starts devoting all her time to the baby. Trisha's mother (Rati Agnihotri) feels that Sid is a careless person and can not take this responsibility, at which Sid makes a desperate attempt to behave like a family man but fails, as on one occasion he takes his baby for a walk but forgets her in the market. Frustrated, Sid ask for help from Trisha's brother-in-law Ranveer (Ram Kapoor), who is a typical family man. Ranveer reveals to him that when he gets frustrated, he makes a business trip excuse and stays in a hotel room to enjoy his life as a bachelor. Sid takes on his idea and starts staying in a hotel, with the excuse of working overnight in studio. But soon he has to cut down his idea, due to an added expense at home as Trisha decides to hire an expensive governess (Ila Arun). Sid, then, without telling Trisha, goes for a cheaper solution by shifting to a shared PG along with Manav (Vir Das), a dope-head bachelor. Sid takes Manav's advice and starts living a carefree life.
Then enters Shekhar (Purab Kohli), a young neighbour, who saves the baby when she gets locked in and thus frequently comes to meet Trisha, which makes Sid jealous. Sid realises the value of his family when Manav is hospitalised and none of his family or friends are around to take care of him. Filled with guilt, Sid confesses the PG secret to Trisha, who in anger throws him out. Sid seeks Ranveer for advice, only to discover that Ranveer is having an affair. Ranveer confronts Sid by telling him that he has also cheated Trisha by devoting time apart from his family. Sid realises his mistake & after repeated apologies by Sid, Trisha reveals that she also got involved with Shekhar and is now pregnant. Sid rushes out of the house along with the baby and later he realises that he should forgive Trisha for their child and also because all these happened because of him and thus forgives Trisha. To which Trisha surprises him by telling that she is not pregnant with Shekhar's child but with their child. Sid and Trisha reunite and start living a happy family life along with their baby.
Towards the end Sid is in the park playing with their two children and giving "Fatherhood Notes" to other fathers in the park. He calls Trisha to give her the good news that a music company has finally asked him to compose a song for their album. Trisha is now a working woman and tells Sid that she will be late because of a deal which needs to be completed. Sid says that he is fine to look after the kids till she returns. As the camera pans out, it shows Trisha relaxing in a hotel room with a glass of wine.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The Gulaab Gang members are activists and vigilantes in Bundelkhand Uttar and Madhya Pradesh. They wear pink sarees and take up issues like domestic violence, the dowry system, rape, electricity matters, and education. Their fierce leader, Rajjo (Madhuri Dixit), locks horns with a conniving and shrewd politician, Sumitra Bagrecha (Juhi Chawla), who uses people.
Rajjo runs a Gulaab gang in the village of Madhopur, where she teaches little girls their alphabet, and grown-up girls how to wield a lathi. Her gang is made up of women who wear bright pink. Rajjo's closest friends in the gang are a tomboy (Divya Jagdale), a woman abandoned by her husband (Tannishtha Chatterjee), and a kohl-eyed woman (Priyanka Bose). These ladies go about standing up for the meek and the downtrodden, and clash against villainous husbands, cops and politicians. The plot gains momentum when Rajjo decides to take part in the local elections against a manipulative and conniving politician, Sumitra Devi (Juhi Chawla). Sumitra does her best to make sure Rajjo is incapacitated during election campaigns by having most of her gang members killed by the henchmen. Towards the end, Rajjo decides to take revenge against Sumitra. During Holi celebrations, when Sumitra conspires to finish off the Gulaab Gang, Rajjo retaliates by chopping off Sumitra Devi's hand as the latter tries to shoot the gang with a machine gun. At the end, Sumitra is arrested and is sentenced to life in prison and Rajjo is also arrested for her violent retribution. However, Rajjo eventually realises her dream of establishing a school for unprivileged girls.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rani Mehra is a sheltered, under-confident young Punjabi woman from Delhi. One day prior to her wedding, her fiancé Vijay (Rajkummar Rao) tells her that he no longer wishes to marry her. He explains that his lifestyle has changed after living abroad in London, and her small town mentality would be a wrong match for him. Stunned and heartbroken by the development, Rani shuts herself in her room for a day. Wanting to take control of the situation, she asks her parents permission to go alone on her pre-booked honeymoon to Paris and Amsterdam. After initially hesitating, her parents agree, thinking that a vacation might cheer her up.
In Paris, Rani meets Vijayalakshmi (Lisa Haydon), a free-spirited liberal woman of French-Spanish-Indian descent, who works at the hotel in which Rani stays. Overwhelmed by the new city and having gotten into trouble twice - once with the local police and once with a robber - Rani intends to return to India. However, Vijayalakshmi helps her out and gives her a tour around the city. The two have a series of adventures, during which Rani relives the memories of Vijay patronising her, criticising her, and forbidding her from dancing and drinking - which she's free to do in Paris. During one particular incident, Rani tries on what she considers to be a revealing outfit and accidentally sends a selfie of her wearing the outfit to Vijay instead of Vijayalakshmi. She quickly realises her mistake, but unbeknownst to her, the selfie regenerates his interest in Rani, and Vijay begins to search for her in the hopes of a reconciliation.
Rani decides not to return back to India, but rather go to Amsterdam as planned. Vijayalakshmi makes Rani's accommodation arrangements, and the two share an emotional farewell at the train station. However, when she arrives in Amsterdam, Rani finds to her horror that she has been booked to share a hostel room with three men: Taka from Japan, Tim from France and Oleksander from Russia. Despite being skeptical of the boys, she soon becomes good friends with them, and spends time shopping, sight seeing, visiting a sex shop, going to a church and meeting pole dancers at a club in the Red Light District. At the club, Rani befriends Roxette/Rukhsar, a Pakistani woman working as a dancer, who is the sole bread-earner for her family back in Lahore, and who is also a friend of Vijaylakshmi.
Rani slowly begins on a path of self discovery. She start to gain confidence by taking control of her decisions, and even develops a crush on a local restaurant owner, Marcello. She also realises her cooking and earning potential, winning a cook-off by selling gol gappas (an Indian street snack). She learns more about her friends' backgrounds and begins to understand how different life can be for people in other parts of the world. One day, Rani finds Vijay waiting for her outside the hostel. Vijay apologizes to Rani and asks her to reconsider the relationship. Their conversation escalates, since she is unwilling to forgive him and he learns that she has been living with three men. He tries to grab hold of Rani, but her friends retaliate, and she asks him to leave. The two meet the next day to discuss the future, but Rani leaves abruptly, saying that she would rather speak to him after she returns to Delhi. She then meets up with her friends one last time at a rock concert which she had previously chosen not to attend, in order to meet with Vijay. After bidding an emotional farewell to them, Rani returns to India.
Back in Delhi, Rani visits Vijay at his home, while she is on the way back from the airport. Vijay and his family assume that she has come in order to reconcile. Instead, Rani hands him her engagement ring and, after saying "thank you", walks away with a smile on her face.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Settled in London, Aman, a Pakistani musician, hopes to marry Asha, an Indian woman also living in London with her family. He visits her parents' house to seek their permission to marry her. However, his plans to impress the Punjabi family start failing when they discover that he is a Pakistani. During the course of events "total chaos" happens.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mohit Chadha (Ayushmann Khurrana) learns how to drive a car on the morning of his promotion from Junior Executive in Marketing to Senior Executive. He goes for lunch with Mayera (Sonam Kapoor) after the promotion, where he proposes to her. Meanwhile, Mayera's father, V.K. Sehgal (Rishi Kapoor), is transferred to Animal Husbandry. V.K. Sehgal does not approve of their wedding, as he thinks Mohit would not be able to provide for her and give her happiness. V.K. goes to Mohit's office and challenges him: if he passes a test, then he can marry Mayera. He calls Mohit to the club everyday to play squash. V.K. gets a retirement gift from all his staff.
When V.K. sees on the news that Mohit has lost his job, he visits Mayera's office to see if it is true. Mayera calls Mohit, and, not being there, Imi picks up his phone and talks to her. Mayera fakes talking to Mohit in front of her dad and acts like his job is safe. Mayera goes to his office, where she sees him give a interview and pulls him away. V.K. inquires about Mohit from the police about criminal cases. Mayera emails Mohit a list of vacant jobs. He gives interviews at different places but is rejected everywhere. When he is at an interview, Mayera's father calls and says he is coming to Mohit's office. When Imi distracts him, Mohit quickly goes the other way, reaches another cubicle, and leaves to have lunch with V.K., where V.K. shows him his criminal case list. Mohit does not have money to pay for lunch, and V.K. pays, but because his card is not working, he is unable to return money. Mohit receives calls from everywhere to return money; he calls Mayera and she gives him ₹50,000.
The next night at Mayera's birthday, Mohit greets her with a kiss. Next day, when Mohit asks Mayera for money for his apartment. She does not have it, and they have a fight. Mohit sells his car, gives Mayera her money back, and they break-up. The same day, V.K. calls Mohit and Mayera, as he got a interview call and engagement rings; V.K. learns that he is jobless. Mohits leaves his apartment, rents a smaller place, and joins a cafe. Meanwhile, Mayera accepts a Dubai transfer and goes there for a week. When she returns, she shows her dad their new apartment and takes out their passports. He goes to Mohit's old office and asks Imi where he is. Imi takes him to the car garage manager, who takes them to the cafe. V.K. visits the cafe and orders food cheaply. V.K. tells Mohit that Mayera is going to Dubai. Back at home, their maid, Radha starts crying. Mohit goes to their house and screams out for Mayera; V.K. lectures him, and Mohit tells V.K. that he is being uncool. Mayera tells her dad that it is enough, and Mohit is a National Level under 16 silver medalist in squash but still kept losing to V.K. She tells him that she does not have fun shopping without him because there is nobody to say, "Very Hot, Khaa Jau Tere Ko". V.K. prepares for the interview in a suit with four pockets, then changes clothes, and goes to Mohit's apartment to get a tie. The couple go to the coffee shop, where V.K. comes back as the CEO of the company.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sanam is a horror buff, she has horror films and literature filling up her room, much to the annoyance of her family. Therefore, she is shocked to find out that vampires (who are on a killing spree in the city) have made their abode opposite her house.
Nobody believes Sanam, when she tells everyone that her neighbours are vampires. Not her family nor her friends, even her professor doesn't pay attention to her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajesh Bauji (Sanjay Mishra) is a man in his late 50s, living a dreary but eventful life in a small house in old Delhi with his extended family. The movie starts with Babuji narrating his dream where he sees himself flying like a bird free from all the worldly affairs. A random incident is going to change his life in a dramatic way, though he does not realise it at the moment. Bauji's daughter has been seeing a boy of ill repute. When that fact is revealed to the family, after much deliberation they decide to lock up the girl and go beat the willful boy.
When they confront the boy, to Babuji he seems like a very nice person. This event radically changes his life — he decides that he will believe only what he can see, hence the title Ankhon Dekhi. After a while he refuses to worship god and treats prasad as just another sweet. He is working as a travel agent and refuses to book tickets to Amsterdam as he has notever seen Amsterdam. To uphold his ideals, he quits his job. He resorts to a very idealistic mode and takes things to extreme levels to explore his theory. At first his neighbours consider him a lunatic old man, but over time they start admiring his logical reasoning and start following him.
Once while intervening a petty loan issue with a loan shark he refuses to believe the bad reputation of the shark. He concludes that he is a good person, based on his observation. He forms a rapport with the loan shark and is recruited by him in his illegal gambling den. His followers join.
He gives consent to his daughter's marriage to the boy she loves and almost sorts out the emotional issues with his estranged brother.
Now free from all responsibility, he leads a life where there are almost no blind spots and a lot of clarity. He takes his wife for a vacation.
While chatting he narrates to his wife that he feels very light, like a bird flying in free skies. His wife jokes about his experience, inadvertently challenging his own theory that he doesn't know how a bird actually flies. In the middle of the night he walks towards a cliff. Babuji narrates his dream (as in the beginning of the story). He has yet to experience flying. As the film ends, Bauji is seen flying down a cliff.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A story about a group of ghosts who have lost their shelter due to urbanization. The story starts with a struggling wannabe director who somehow crosses paths with a stranger. The stranger starts to narrate a story to him about a group of ghosts that stays together. The story that the stranger narrates shows the communal, social, linguistic and historical differences among the ghosts, as they belong to different eras. But very soon these ghosts face an issue protecting their haunt from the hands of demolition.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Lakshmi (Monali Thakur), a 14-year-old girl is kidnapped from her village by Chinna (Nagesh Kukunoor). She is taken to the home of older Chinna's brother and boss, Reddy (Satish Kaushik) where she first naively assumes the role of a domestic worker, helping the much older existing maid Amma (Vibha Chibber), but she is later raped. The next day, Chinna takes Lakshmi to a brothel managed by Jyothi (Shefali Shah), who is both a reassuring and oppressive figure to the girls. After her first night, Lakshmi manages to run away to a nearby police station, but her complaint falls on deaf ears since Reddy has paid off the local police force. Thrown into this horrific, inhuman world, she survives with the help of the other girls and her own will to never give in. She forms a close friendship with her roommate at the brothel Suvarna (Asha Saini), who walks her through the realities of life.
It is revealed that Jyothi works for Reddy in order to fund her daughters college education and plans to retire as soon as she graduates. At the brothel, Lakshmi meets Uma (Priyanka Vir), a kind hearted woman who periodically brings the girls sanitary items, condoms and sweets. While servicing a client at his home, Lakshmi tries to escape but is caught and punished by Chinna. She develops an infection due to the injury and is nursed by Jyothi and Survana, but is ultimately forced to work again, when a client demands a young girl. The client turns out to be an undercover agent Mohan (Ramkrishna Shenoy) who operates with the help of Jyothi and Uma, and Reddy and Chinna are arrested. The girls are taken to a women's shelter where Lakshmi recovers but the case against Reddy stagnates since no one is willing to testify against him. The brothel is reopened and one by one, the women slowly return, until Lakshmi is the only one left at the shelter.
Against all odds, Lakshmi shows courage where everybody else fails. Her lawyer (Ram Kapoor) is in retirement due to having previously suffered a nervous breakdown, and initially refuses to take the case. He believes that Lakshmi will not be able to withstand the immense stress of the case, since she is the only witness against a powerful trafficking syndicate. Resisting all pressure - violent threats, coercion and bribes, she stands up in court. Her testimony reveals that her father sold her to a local politician, who in turn sold her to Reddy. At the brothel, Chinna beats and tortures Jyothi as punishment for her betrayal, and also reveals to Jyothi's daughter that she works there. Later that night, Jyothi castrates Chinna and slits her own wrists, resulting in them both bleeding to death. The trial results in a landmark judgement in India, succeeding in putting the traffickers behind bars.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins where the previous film ended. Ragini's MMS sex tape has gone viral - along with rumours of the house's haunted nature, where the MMS was filmed. This catches the attention of a sleazy director, Rocks (Parvin Dabas) who decides to make a movie on the haunting. He signs an ex-porn star, Sunny Leone (Sunny Leone) as the lead actress and decides to shoot the movie in the same house where the MMS was recorded.
Sunny, who takes an instant liking to the script, seeks permission to meet the real Ragini (Kainaz Motivala), (who is now in a mental asylum), to get a better in-depth look of the character she wants to portray. But the meeting goes horribly wrong when Ragini stabs herself brutally in the neck.
Later, the cast and crew arrive at the haunted house to shoot and strange things begin to happen, especially to Sunny. Elsewhere, Dr. Meera Dutta (Divya Dutta), a psychiatrist who specialises in cases for which science has no answers, takes up Ragini's case. After going through old news paper clipping and video tapes of Ragini, she finds the truth regarding the haunting.
She finds out that the ghost haunting the house, in life was a married woman with two daughters and a son. She was more attached to her son, because she had conceived him after much difficulty and praying. One day, the boy and his two sisters were playing hide and seek when the boy slipped into a well and drowned. This drove his mother insane and caused her to embark on a desperate quest to resurrect him from the dead. A Baba who claimed to perform black magic arrived and convinced her the only way to bring her son back was to sacrifice both of her daughters. The insane mother agreed and the Baba chopped off the daughters' heads. He put the sword in her hands, told her to close her eyes, and chant. While she did that he stole all of her money and ran. When the villagers finally arrived, they assumed that the mother was practising witch craft and punished her by hanging her from a tree, stoning her, and burning her alive. The woman survived, finally dropped from the tree, and after cursing them all, killed herself by stabbing herself in the neck with the rattle-toy her son used to play with.
Dr. Dutta then rushes to the shooting location to inform the cast and crew to abandon their shooting and leave the house immediately. But it is too late as the ghost has already possessed Sunny and started killing the film's cast and crew by either luring them into having sex or killing them by catching them off guard. Only the scriptwriter Satya (Saahil Prem) and actress Monali (Sandhya Mridul) are left alive.
As Dr. Dutta, Monali and Satya attempt to drive the ghost out of Sunny, Monali gets killed. Afterwards, when Satya accidentally steps on the rattle toy with which the woman committed suicide prior to becoming a ghost, it causes Sunny temporary pain, and thereby forces the ghost to temporarily leave Sunny. Dr. Dutta realises the toy's importance and urges Satya to destroy it. Eventually the ghost is destroyed along with the rattle. And Sunny, Satya and Dr. Dutta leave the house, having exorcised the ghost and solving the mystery behind the haunting. At the end of the movie a rocking chair is shown rocking back and forth and a child's voice is heard, signifying that there is still a ghost in the house.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prantabh Pratap aka PP (Pulkit Samrat) and Anand Ishwaram Devdutt Subramanium/AIDS (Bilal Amrohi) are two journalists and roommates. Their boss Monsoon (Sarah-Jane Dias) always insults them for the horrid quality of their work. She never believes them and threatens to fire them from their jobs if they lie to her. One day PP and AIDS discover CBI Officer Avinash Tripathi's dead body in their car and attempt to take it to their office. However, by the time PP and AIDS have found Monsoon, the dead body has vanished causing Monsoon to think PP and AIDS lied and hence she fires them from their jobs. Frustrated, one day PP and AIDS are walking on a bridge which somehow collapses on the highway. On the news some people suggest the reason for the collapse could be a sonic boom, no blessings or the screw driver not inserted. PP and AIDS somehow discover that the dead body had caused the bridge to fall. The police take it away from them and later they end up with a CD that could expose a corrupt politician. The politicians chase PP and AIDS into a warehouse where eventually the police arrives and Monsoon realises that the men were telling the truth all this while. The politicians get arrested and PP and AIDS become nationwide heroes.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Youngistaan is a love story set in the backdrop of Indian politics. It is the story of Abhimanyu Kaul and the love of his life, Anwita Chauhan.
Abhimanyu Kaul, a young man living an ordinary life in Japan, finds himself in the political spotlight due to the sudden death of his father, the prime minister of India. Abhimanyu struggles to balance his complicated personal relationships with the political resistance against him from his own party. Being a public figure, by reluctantly accepting to represent the governing party, much against his own wishes and at the cost of his private life, is a double-edged sword that Abhimanyu must walk on.
Thought of as an amateur and incapable of handling the issues at large by one and all (except the ever-faithful Akbar Patel, Secretary to the P.M.), the story closes as a victorious Abhimanyu changes the course of events and turns the tide his way, through his hard work, honesty, and above all, a political legacy – a sharp, leading mind that not everyone inherits.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Across a college in Ooty where Shreenath Prasad aka 'Seenu' (Varun Dhawan) fails his final exam by two marks. Eager to get a degree, he kidnaps the professor's daughter during her wedding and demands his professor to give him two more marks in exchange for his daughter. Seenu accidentally lets go of her however while letting his parents in to his house, and his plan fails.
Although Seenu's father offers him a job at his grocery store, Seenu plans to get a degree at Tift College in Bengaluru. He leaves Ooty on a train headed for Bengaluru. On the train, he beats up a gang harming a group of teenage girls. When Seenu arrives in Bengaluru, a friend of his who lives there reluctantly allows him to stay in his house.
Once Seenu arrives in Tift College, he prays to Krishna(Salman Khan) to concentrate on nothing but studies. However once he finishes, he sees a girl named Sunaina (Ileana D'Cruz) and gets attracted to her. He tries to get her attention, but she ignores him constantly. She tells him that she has been forced into marrying a corrupt policeman named Angad Negi (Arunoday Singh) since he tricked her father into shooting Angad's sidekick and friend Peter's arm. Angad's mens chase Seenu until he beats up two of them and scares away the rest. Seenu goes to Angad to make a truce with him and leave Sunaina, but Angad (believing he cannot do it) gives Seenu a chance to try to woo Sunaina for up to three days. Seenu publicly tells Sunaina he loves her and tells her not to be afraid of Angad and his goons. She gains courage, scares off Angad's mens, and falls in love with Seenu. Angad finds Seenu, finds out what happened, and attempts to shoot Seenu, but instead accidentally shoots Peter. The media quickly finds out and Angad gets suspended as a police officer.
All seems well until Sunaina is kidnapped and taken away in a helicopter. Seenu learns from Angad that Sunaina will be taken to the mansion of Vikrant Singhal (Anupham Kher), one of Asia's most notorious gangsters. Vikrant's daughter, Ayesha (Nargis Fakhri), was on the Ooty to Bangalore train Seenu was in and was attracted by his impressive fighting skills. She told her father about the experience as well as her interest in marrying him. Angad and Peter told Vikrant's men that in order to get Seenu, they would have to take Sunaina to lure him to their place, forcing Seenu to marry Ayesha.
In the second half of the film, Seenu goes to Vikrant's residence in Bangkok, Thailand. He tricks Vikrant and his friend and associate Balli into thinking that he wants to marry Ayesha. However, he requests that he is given ten days to get to know Ayesha before the wedding day, which Vikrant initially refuses until Ayesha tells her father to "do as Seenu says". Ayesha lets Sunaina wear any of her clothes because she has an "extra piece" for all of her clothing. Ayesha and Seenu spend the day together; later, Seenu tells Ayesha that she does not love him. When Angad and Peter come later, she then falls in love with Angad through a sheer coincidence.
Seenu and Sunaina use Ayesha's love for Angad as a way of solving their problem. Sunaina wears identical clothes to Ayesha; in result, Angad confuses Sunaina for Ayesha, making Ayesha believe that Angad loves her. The plan later fails, though, when Angad realizes this and tricks Ayesha once again into marrying Seenu. However, when Angad is tricked by Seenu and Sunaina into kissing Ayesha, Vikrant realizes his daughter loves Angad and reluctantly tells Seenu that Ayesha will marry Angad. Ayesha marries Angad, and Seenu and Sunaina are back together again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot is linked with the previous film Bhoothnath. When Bhoothnath, although his real name in the two films is Kailash Nath, (Amitabh Bachchan) enters the Bhoothworld, (a ghosts' world) he is mocked and questioned about his abilities as a ghost as he was unsuccessful to scare any child. To redeem himself, he returns to India where he tries his best to scare children but is unsuccessful with his attempts as children have become strong physically and mentally and also skilled in giving bad words. However, a boy named Akhrot (Parth Bhalerao) can see him in his true form. Akhrot is not scared of Bhoothnath, but helps him to scare a few children. In return, he asks Bhoothnath to act scared of him and to run away from a haunted house while he chants mantras in front of his friends, so that his friends can accept him in their cricket team. Bhoothnath decides to help him further by helping him earn money by giving ghosts living in under-construction high rises peace by fulfilling the wishes they were still staying back on Earth as ghosts for. In the process, they come to know why the ghosts died, and help their families get insurance money by scaring corrupt insurance officers. In the process, he gets to know about Bhau (Boman Irani), a former criminal who is now a corrupt politician. After having seen the amount of corruption in India and encouraged by Akhrot, Bhoothnath decides to contest the upcoming elections. Soon, the rivalry between Bhoothnath and Bhau heats up, to the extent that Bhoothnath sacrifices his powers to win. One day before the elections, a rally is to be held by Bhoothnath to encourage a high turnout on election day. Bhau's men threaten to kill Akhrot unless he prevents the rally from happening, but Akhrot refuses and is ready to face the consequences. On the day of the rally, Bhau's men injure Akhrot grievously for his non-compliance, which makes Bhoothnath leave his rally to be with Akhrot in the hospital. He goes to the Bhoothworld and begs for Akhrot's life. They tell him that if Bhoothnath wins the election, they will spare Akhrot's life. Meanwhile, Bhau uses Bhoothnath's absence at the rally to his advantage and tries to influence the audience to vote for him. However, on election day, the majority of the public vote for Bhoothnath. The next day, Bhootnath sees Akhrot's heartbeat rising and realises that he won the election. The film ends with Akhrot regaining consciousness and everybody celebrating the success of Bhoothnath.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Krish Malhotra (Arjun Kapoor), a fresh Engineer from IIT Delhi, now a student pursuing his MBA at the IIM Ahmedabad, Gujarat, comes from a troubled, rich family of Punjabi heritage. He meets his classmate Ananya Swaminathan (Alia Bhatt), a BBA holder, in his college who comes from a conservative Tamil Brahmin family. Krish and Ananya, initially quarrel, but soon become friends and start studying together. Soon they begin dating, and stay together for their next 22 months on the IIM campus. Krish confides in Ananya that his real passion is writing, which he wants to pursue a career in. They both have become so close to each other and also have developed sexual relationship many times during the stay in IIM. Krish gets selected in the campus drives for Yes Bank. He immediately rushes to the next room and proposes to Ananya, in the middle of her interview. She accepts, and then gets selected for Sunsilk.
When they complete their graduation, Krish and Ananya decide to get married. They introduce their parents to each other at the convocation ceremony. To their dismay, Krish's loud mother Kavita (Amrita Singh) does not get along with Ananya's reserved Tamilian parents Radha (Revathy) and Swaminathan (Shiv Kumar Subramaniam). After graduation, Ananya begins her marketing job in her hometown Chennai and Krish goes back to his own hometown Delhi, with the choice of work place in his own hands. Krish's brash family urges him to stay in Delhi and try to discourage him from his interest in writing. They also criticize his relationship with Ananya, and tell him to get into an arranged marriage with a Punjabi girl. It is also evident that there is tension between Krish and his rich alcoholic father Vikram (Ronit Roy).
Krish leaves his dysfunctional family and starts his banking job in Chennai. During this time, he tries very hard to win over Ananya's family. He tutors her younger brother for IIT entrance exams, gets her mother an opportunity to sing at an event for his workplace, and helps her father create his first PowerPoint presentation. After all his effort, Ananya's family agrees to the marriage with Krish. Krish and Ananya then travel to Delhi to win over Krish's family. Initially, Kavita and her family are hostile towards Ananya but come to like her after she saves Krish's cousin's wedding from being cancelled due to a dispute over dowry, she is also accepted.
Krish and Ananya decide to take a vacation with their families before the wedding. The vacation does not go as planned when Kavita makes continuous snide remarks about Tamilian culture. Furthermore, Ananya and her parents overhear Krish falsely assuring his mother that she can treat Ananya however she wants after they are married. Having had enough of the insults, Ananya calls off the wedding and both return to their respective hometown.
Krish and Ananya find it hard to live without each other. Sometime later, he gets a call from Ananya, who reveals that Krish's father had come down to Chennai to speak to her parents, apologizing for his wife's shallow behavior. This allows for Krish and Ananya to finally get happily married, they become parents to twin boys and Krish resigns from banking and, publishes his book 2 States based on his and Ananya's life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Inspired by a true incident, the film starts off when an underprivileged man gets crushed under the weight of a politician's (Satish Kaushik). The film gets into the mood immediately after the death of this man. Be it the judge trying to get into the details of the man's death, be it the lawyers of the parties arguing the case, be it the sparking off of the communal riots. Since the deceased, who was a Hindu by birth, but had got converted to Islam, his death gives rise to a religious spark between two religious factions "the Hindus and Muslims" who want his body to be burnt and buried, respectively.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the hostile territory of Chambal, the land of rebels, politicians, bullets and blood, you either live by the gun or die by the gun. Revolver Rani is set in this hostile world where there are no friends; only fragile alliances and deadly enemies that aim straight for the head. But sometimes you do not need to take lives to finish your enemies. Sometimes you just need to go for their heart. Revolver Rani is a satirical and unusual love story set against the backdrop of politics. It's about Alka Singh (Kangana Ranaut), the leader of a political party and her obsessive love for Rohan Mehra (Vir Das), a rising star of Bollywood.
The elections in Gwalior have just finished and Alka's reign has come to an end. Her opposition, the Tomar party, have come into power and want to use their new position to take out Alka, but first, they want to hurt her. The Tomars abduct Rohan from Mumbai and take him back to Gwalior with the aim to kill him. They are about to pull the trigger when Revolver Rani turns up, all guns blazing and saves his life.
This film attempts to show viewers what would happen if a political giant fell in love with a Bollywood star and then had to protect him from her enemies.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dimpy Singh (Madalsa Sharma), approaches Samrat Tilakdhari (Rajeev Khandelwal), a private investigator, with a strange case. Their garden got ruined for reasons that appear natural but are not known; leading horticulturists have examined the fading plants but they have not been able to identify the probable reason. Further, her father's favorite horse died; once again the reason for the pre-mature death remains a mystery. That's not the end; Dimpy’s father Mahendra Pratap Singh (Girish Karnad), otherwise a very strong and balanced man, has been experiencing deteriorating health. All these aspects when combined makes the case sound weird and that grabs the attention of Samrat.
Samrat along with his assistant friend, Chakradhar Pandey (Gopal Datt), visits the huge estate of Mahendra Pratap Singh. As he starts investigating, he discovers lots of mysterious facts. The story progresses when a murder takes place in the house, which leads to a series of events, complicating things for Samrat. Every character around seems to be hiding something.
-----------------------------------------------------------
This film starts by Sid (as an adult) losing his mother. He then collects his lost bag at a airport where a girl from a publication house tells him that she read his diary and he is quite a writer which revives some old memories for him. He then goes to India to sell his mother's cottage in Kasauli. Sid finds himself looking back at a past that haunted him for years.
Then the story flashbacks and begins as all the 4 cowboys (self proclaimed) execute the plans to welcome their hero Sam (Aditya Seal). They then go to the station to welcome him, where Sid (Tanuj Virwani) run into Nayantara (Izabelle Leite). Then feeling sorry for themselves they begin to make their way home when they are struck by a black car. After chasing the car it is revealed that it is Sam. He apologises to Zizo and promises to fix his father's car.
After that they begin their fun by partying, throwing eggs at everyone's house. It is also shown that Sam's relationship with Sid's mom is very strong. Sam's father left him when he was six and in shock of it, his mother became an alcoholic and remarried.
After a few days Sid runs into Nayantara in a music store, he begins to fall for her. Sam also meets Nayantara at a club with her sister and has also fallen for her. Also bobby is shown dancing with her sister.
The flashbacks eventually lead to revealing that Sam committed suicide for which Sid thinks of himself as the reason. As the story unfolds, it is shown that Sam's death was due to his troubled past and his relationship with his mother, not because of his best friend Sid. Upon finding this out, Sid and Nayantara reunite.
The story ends with a reunion between the remaining cowboys as they remember the past and the cherished moments they spent with each other and with their friend Sam, because if Sam were alive, that is exactly what he would've done... some friendships live on to last forever.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 1948, a cross-fire erupts at an isolated stretch of Indo-Pak border, leaving only two soldiers alive. One is an Indian soldier of Pakistani origin while the other is a Pakistani soldier of Indian origin. An ironic story of pride and survival begins when, in an attempt to evade danger, they bump into each other. And amidst continuous exchange of bullets, altercations and murkier situations, it evolves into a journey of human connection with an unforeseeable end.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot centres around Arjun Harishchand Waghmare (Partho Gupte) and his dream to skate. The film chronicles his coach Aniket Bhargava (Saqib Saleem) and Arjun's journey towards being a champion skater. After his father's death Arjun moves to Mumbai and starts to work in a tea stall. He sees some children arrive at night for Lucky (Aniket) Sir. He sees that the children are skating and gets attracted to skating. He finds the skates too expensive so his friends make a pair of skates out of garbage and call it hawaa hawaai. Aniket gets impressed by Arjun and decides to teach him skating. Arjun comes out to be very talented and Aniket decides to send him to participate in the district level skating race. On the day of the race Arjun gets missing . Aniket finds that he is ill and immediately takes him to a hospital where he comes to know that Arjun has hepatitis. Arjun gets cured and Aniket learns about the difficulties of the poor child. He realizes that the Arjun and his friends have a big heart and they need to be educated. He tries to help them. All his other students come to meet Arjun. Aniket decides to send Arjun to the state level skating race. Arjun remembers of his father and wins the race. The film ends showing that Arjun and his friends are admitted in a school and an article is printed in the newspaper about Arjun.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Koyelaanchal unveils itself through Saryu Bhan Singh (Vinod Khanna), an ex-owner turned Mafioso of the region, who through his sheer brutality & blatant defiance of law of the land, forces the people & the authorities to acknowledge him as their ‘maalik’. Any protest, any voice of dissent against him is dealt with spine chilling violence of epic proportions.
Things get a bit difficult to handle for Saryu Bhan Singh when an upright District Collector Nisheeth Kumar (Sunil Shetty) takes charge of the region and starts asking him questions that no one dared ask him before. Caught amidst labor revolts & naxal uprisings, the last thing Saryu Bhan Singh wanted was to make enemies with the top government officer of his region. He sends his most lethal human weapon, Karua (Vipinno) to scare Nisheeth Kumar off to silence.
But the mission don’t-kill-just-scare-him goes horribly wrong when Karua ends up fatally injuring Nisheeth’s wife and in the process of escape, ends up carrying Nisheeth's infant also, thus abducting the child. What happens hereafter tells a thrilling & heart-rending story of how the real power doesn’t always flow through the barrels of guns but through the tender touches of a child, love of a mother & heartfelt prayers of the hapless millions.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the hinterland of Uttar Pradesh 27-year-old Manjunath Shanmugam is a student at the state-of-the-art campus of the Indian Institute of Management Lucknow (IIM-L). After graduating, Manjunath joins a petroleum company as a sales officer. He is posted in Lakhimpur Kheri, a remote district in rural Uttar Pradesh. One day Manjunath goes missing.
His friends panic, because they know that of late he had been very disturbed and was behaving strangely. He had become serious and scared. He was different from the Manjunath they knew in college, who was always jovial, fun-loving, friendly, and a great entertainer.
One of his friends finds him, but Manjunath is frantic. They send him back to his hometown. Manjunath's parents try to convince him to leave his job at Bharat Oil that is causing him stress. Initially he seems willing but slowly he realises that he doesn't want to be a quitter. (Manjunath believes that, being from a top institute in the country, he has been given an opportunity. As the eldest son of a mineworker, he has had a humble upbringing.)
He realises that the kerosene, mixed with diesel, is coming from ration shops — 'it's the poor people's kerosene'. In addition, he becomes conscious of the extent of pollution caused by burning adulterated fuel. He finds strength and comes back to fight, against his parents wishes.
There is a clear threat to his life, because he insists on doing his duty to stop petrol adulteration. This time, Manjunath is not deterred. He continues doing what he considers right, without worrying about the consequences. As a result, one night he gets brutally killed by the people who are harmed by his doing his duty. His family and friends suffer over his death. They wonder why he put himself in so much danger.
Slowly, the worst fears start coming true. Beyond the initial grief, no one wants to come forward to carry on the fight.
In the film, Manjunath is shown watching what happens after he dies. He is starting to feel that it is all pointless. He cannot watch his parents' tears any more: What was their fault? Maybe he should have compromised. But how can people not see what he has? What he fought was something very big and very important.
Suddenly, people who have no connection to him realise the importance of what Manjunath did and start trying to do something. Like novices, they search their way around: Their will is strong. They start getting help again from unexpected quarters. It is nerve-wracking, with dangers for everyone. Then, instead of one or two, there are a lot people helping. Manjunath, who has lost hope, realises that it's not all going waste.
He hopes and prays that they succeed.
The film cuts back and forth from a rock concert. The conflict of the story is not whether Manjunath lived or died, but if the effect of Manjunath lives or dies, and in the end that's the victory.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajaram (Rahul Bagga), a small town bank clerk who dreams of travelling to Delhi and becoming a reputed writer. His litterateur aspirations are supported by none except his naive wife Renu (Tara-Alisha Berry). He leaves his job to become a full-time writer, but cannot find a publisher for his book. One publisher agrees only if he would add sensational elements or masala to his dull tale. He is unable to decode masala until he meets Chacha, an eccentric, old village idiot who shows him the spicier side of life. He adopts the pseudonym of Mastram and churns out his publicly taboo pornographic novel series, which becomes a best selling cake. He gets successful however all credits are attributed to Mastram not Rajaram.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film's story revolves around the family of the Qureshis and their pet animal goat. Circumstances result in the goat acquiring rock star status in his village and beyond. Soon enough, people are fighting for a piece of the live goat,named sharukh. A rollicking climax ensues that provides the perfect finale to the mayhem that preceded it.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Two actresses, Zara Fernandes and Chandni Roy, are both set to make their film debut on the same date. Chandni's film becomes a box office success, whereas Zara's film is a flop. This angers Zara who believes she is higher and better than every other new actress. Zara starts an argument with Chandni after an awards party, and the two end up fighting. Later that night, Zara is murdered. The blame obviously goes towards Chandni, and she has no way to prove her innocence.
Chandni's lover, Ravi Kumar, decides to step in and find the real murderer to save his love. Ravi happens to be an ex-cop, who was sacked from his job as a police officer after shooting a parliamentarian apparently. Ravi is now an actor, who happens to have debuted in the same film as Zara. The suspect list in the murder is extremely high, there is Virmaan, who is Chandni's ex-boyfriend, Subba Prasad who is Zara's film director and KD, a music director who had an affair with Zara, as well as many other suspects.
In the end, it finally turns out that after Zara & Chandni's fight, Zara went up to the terrace where she met KD (hinting that their affair was still going on at the time of her death) and as the two got together, KD's wife Shabnam started looking for KD. KD heard Shabnam coming up to the terrace, so tried to run away, and accidentally pushed Zara away from him, which led to her to fall from the terrace. It also turns out that after falling down, she landed outside Subba Prasad's window. Subba decided to let her fall so her death could gain attention and maybe help their flop film be successful.
KD & Subba are arrested. KD is arrested for 7 years and Subba Prasad is given life sentence. After all the supposed suspects leave the court, Chandni confesses to her love for Ravi. The two get together, and Ravi tells Chandni that actually, he knew that she was the one who murdered Zara. In a flashback, it is revealed that after Subba let Zara fall down, she was still alive and was found by Chandni. Chandni was so frustrated and annoyed by her that she hit Zara on the head with a glass bottle, finally killing her. Ravi decides to keep this a secret between him and Chandni, and the two walk off and the story ends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Chaudhary (Prakash Raj) is a very well known and respected man in his village. He is a very strict patriarch of the Jat family from Haryana consisting of four brothers – Chaudhary himself, Bhuppi (Samar Jai Singh), Pappi (K. C. Shankar) and Sukhi (Prashant Singh). On the night of her marriage, Renu (Sandeepa Dhar), the elder daughter of Chaudhary, elopes with her boyfriend, Rakesh. Chaudhary decides to find them at any cost.
Chaudhary and his men manage to locate two of Rakesh's friends from different places and beat them up. Chaudhary and his men bring them over to his place and one of them reveals a Bablu's (Tiger Shroff) name and that he might have an idea where Renu and Rakesh are. At first when Bhuppi, Pappi, Sukhi, and the gang confront Bablu and attack him to find Rakesh, Bablu single-handedly beats up all of them but is hit in the head and loses consciousness.
Chaudhary holds Bablu and the other two friends captive till they tell of the couple's whereabouts. They tell him that they don't know anything, but no one believes them. Meanwhile, Bablu tells his friends that he is in love with a girl of that town, whom he doesn't know and he only has her earring which she dropped that day. The friends decide to flee one day, but Bablu gets a glimpse of the girl and stops in his tracks to look at her and the boys are caught because of him.
Back at Chaudhary's household where the friends are held captive, Chaudhary's younger daughter and Renu's sister, Dimpy (Kriti Sanon) tries to ask them where her sister is, but they won't tell her. Dimpy finds Renu's love letters in her room one of which reaches her uncle. Dimpy manages to clean up everything before her uncle Bhuppi reaches her room. When Shaalu is about to burn those letters, Dimpy's uncle asks one of his men to check it. Without thinking much she drops those letters where the boys are held captive. With the help of these letters Bablu and his friends blackmail her. However, Bablu makes a deal with her that in exchange for her sister's whereabouts, Dimpy must find the girl he fell in love with. Dimpy does not agree, but later when circumstances force her, she agrees. That night, Bablu escapes and enters the house after the light fuse burns out. He drinks from the glass of Rajjo (who later turns out to be the would-be-suitor of Dimpy) and becomes drunk. Dimpy finds Bablu and he gives her the earring he found that belongs to the girl he fell in love with. To Dimpy's shock, it turns out that it was none other than Dimpy that Bablu saw that day. But Dimpy stays silent.
Bablu and his friends go with Chaudhary's men to town one day to search for Renu and Rakesh, where Bablu helps them to board a bus to Shimla. Dimpy's uncle, Pappi, comes to know that Bablu had helped them to flee when he overhears Dimpy. The entire group is beaten badly. When they threaten to kill one of his friends, Bablu tells them that Renu and Rakesh are in Delhi.
Bablu and his friends as well as Dimpy accompany her father to Delhi to find the couple. At this juncture, Dimpy is kidnapped by some local goons, who attempt to molest her. Bablu manages to locate her in time and beats up the goons, winning the trust of Dimpy's father.
That night Dimpy and Bablu go to a night club. In the morning, while Dimpy is confessing her love to Bablu, Chaudhary spots Renu and Rakesh on a bus and chases after them with Bablu and Chaudhary's men following close behind. They manage to stop the bus but when Renu talks back to her father, Chaudhary is heartbroken. When Renu and Rakesh are about to be killed as punishment, Renu confesses that she is pregnant. Chaudhary decides to spare their lives, but at a cost- openly claiming that, to him, Renu is no more.
The group returns home and Chaudhary arranges Dimpy's marriage with Rajjo. He plans on conducting the marriage with pomp. Bablu realises that he misses Dimpy too much. He and his friends come back with the intention to get Dimpy to elope with Bablu. Chaudhary, however, is frightened when Bablu returns, fearing that he will elope with Dimpy. He keeps a close eye on Bablu and Dimpy. When Chaudhary takes Bablu outside, Bablu tells him that he understands how Chaudhary felt when Renu ran way from home and promises him that he will not elope with Dimpy.
When Bablu and his friends are about to leave, Rajjo beats up Bablu with the intention of injuring him, however Bablu fights back and defeats Rajjo in a hand-to-hand combat when Rajjo insults him and Dimpy. They are however stopped at the last moment by Chaudhary. He realises that Dimpy will only be happy if she is with Bablu, and tells Bablu to take her away. Bablu and Dimpy unite with a hug, while Chaudhary and the other people of the Jatt community agree to permit inter-caste and love marriages and Chaudhary accepts Renu back as his daughter.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A young boy named Rana, who hails from the kingdom of Kottaipattinam, leaves his family, despite his twin brother Sena pleading him not to do so. The boy soon meets with an accident while rowing in the river and is eventually discovered by some fishermen from the neighbouring kingdom of Kalingapuri, a rival of Kottaipattinam. Rana (Rajinikanth) grows up there and trains in weaponry, and grows up to be a fearless warrior. Due to his fighting skills and bravery, he soon wins the confidence of the king of Kalingapuri, Raja Mahendran (Jackie Shroff), who promotes him as Commander-in-Chief of the Kalingapuri army. Rana's first job as Commander-in-Chief is to free the soldiers of his hometown Kottaipattinam, who are being treated as slaves, enlist them in the army and train them. He then seeks the permission of Raja Mahendran to attack Kottaipattinam, to which the latter agrees. However, during the war, Rana encounters his childhood friend, crown prince Sengodagan (R. Sarathkumar), the son of Rishikodagan (Nassar), king of Kottaipattinam. Immediately signalling an end to the war, he, along with the soldiers disown Kalingapuri and return to Kottaipattinam, much to the disgust of Raja Mahendran and his son, crown prince Veera Mahendran (Aadhi), who swear revenge on Rana for tricking them and betraying Kalingapuri.
At Kottaipattinam, Rana and Sengodagan renew their friendship. Sengodagan introduces Rana to Rishikodagan, who is alarmed on seeing him. Rana also reunites with his younger sister Yamuna Devi (Rukmini Vijayakumar) whom he last saw as a baby and their uncle, who raised her, but soon learns that his mother Yaaghavi (Shobana) is dead and Sena is missing. He soon learns that Yamuna and Sengodagan are in love with each other. He accepts their relationship and decides to get them married, even cleverly convincing Rishikodagan, who was unwilling to get his son married to a girl of a non-royal family. Meanwhile, Rana also falls in love with his childhood sweetheart, princess Vadhana Devi (Deepika Padukone), the daughter of Rishikodagan.
Soon, Sengodagan and Yamuna get married. But following the wedding, Rishikodagan disowns his son for marrying Yamuna despite knowing that the latter does not belong to a royal family. An unfazed Sengodagan immediately leaves the palace with Yamuna. Later that night, a masked man barges into the palace and attempts to kill Rishikodagan. Vadhana immediately goes after him, fights him and gets him captured. Rishikodagan unmasks the assassin who is revealed to be Rana, and immediately throws him into prison, sentencing him to death. An upset Vadhana rushes to the cell where Rana is imprisoned, where Rana tells her why he attempted to kill Rishikodagan.
Years ago, Rana is the younger son of Kochadaiiyaan, the former Commander-in-Chief of Kottaipattinam's army. Kochadaiiyaan is extremely respected in Kottaipattinam for his bravery and exploits and is more popular than Rishikodagan himself. This made Rishikodagan jealous of Kochadaiiyaan. One night, when Kochadaiiyaan is returning by ship to Kottaipatinam with his army after buying horses and ammunition, they are attacked by the army of Kalingapuri. Kochadaiiyaan defeats them but allows them to return to their kingdom as an act of chivalry. However, the Kalingapuri army, before leaving, poison the food on the ship. The Kottaipattinam army men consume this food, and fall ill.
Despite knowing that he had been tricked by the Kalingapuri army, Kochadaiiyaan immediately rushes to Kalingapuri itself, because it is the only land body close enough to provide medicines to the sick and dying soldiers. He orders Raja Mahendran to provide medical assistance to his soldiers. Raja Mahendran, in turn, cunningly proposes a deal that, if he wants his men to be saved, he has to leave all the horses, ammunition and the sick army men in Kalingapuri as Raja Mahendran's slaves. Only if Kochadaiiyan agrees to this, his soldiers will be nursed back to health. Kochadaiiyan thinks that his men rather be alive as slaves than die from poisoning, and also thinks that when they officially wage a war in the near future, all of them could be easily rescued. So he accepts Raja Mahendran's offer and leaves Kalingapuri all alone. When he returns to Kottaipattinam, the jealous Rishikodagan seizes this opportunity to strip Kochadaiiyan off all respect and dignity and sentences him to death for becoming a traitor to Kottaipattinam by surrendering his army men, horses and ammunition to Kalingapuri. Though all his subjects are dismayed at Kochadaiiyaan being sentenced to death, and Yaaghavi even goes to the extent of publicly rebuking Rishikodagan for his injustice, Rishikodagam stands firm in his decision. Kochadaiiyaan is executed the following morning before Rana's eyes.
The story comes back to the present, with Rana telling Vadhana that he ran away to Kalingapuri, with the intention of freeing the soldiers of Kottaipattinam and to take revenge on Rishikodagan for unjustly killing his father. Vadhana is shocked on hearing about her father's actions and reconciles with Rana. She then pleads with her father to release Rana, but to no avail. Meanwhile, Rana escapes from prison. When Rishikodagan learns of Rana's escape, he immediately arranges for Vadhana's marriage with prince Veera Mahendran after consulting with an astrologer and learning that his life is at Rana's mercy. Despite the enmity between Kottaipattinam and Kalingapuri, he arranges this marriage with the hope that their united armies and their mutual hatred for Rana can subdue him.
On the day of the marriage, Rana arrives just when the marriage is about to take place. He and the people of Kottapattinam berate Rishikodagan for becoming traitor and surrendering the whole Kottaipattinam to Raja Mahendran for his own personal interests and commitments (this was the same charge which Rishikodagan had placed on Kochadaiiyaan years ago). Following this, a war starts between Rana and the united armies of Kottaipattinam and Kalingapuri. Rana successfully manages to subdue the armies of both kingdoms, he kills Raja Mahendran and allows Veera Mahendran to return as he was defeated, reminding him of their friendship. He then fights Rishikodagan and decapitates him.
Finally, as Rana and Vadhana reunite, a young soldier comes towards them riding a horse. This soldier is revealed to be Sena, and a anger appear in Sena as their father asked him to protect the king and Rana killed him so fight awaits.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Deepak Singh's life as an ex-Army driver who owns a garment store is tangled in the midst of poverty, hope and despair. Deepak's family consists of his ever-supporting wife and his little daughter. They tag along his journey to Mumbai as he is unable to repay money he owes on his store. With no contacts and addresses, except that of his friend, Omkar, Deepak takes extreme measures when stepping to Mumbai while searching for him.
He is easily tricked by two con-men who sold him a Flat for 10,000 RS, only to find out while searching them for the documents. With no details on them, the Mumbai police refuse to file an F.I.R. His wife meets an escort working at a night bar who provides them an unconstructed flat for time being and convinces her to be a bar dancer till Deepak becomes stable.
Deepak gets hired as driver for a security bureau with a monthly pay of 15,000 Rs. Deepak's senior realizes that he is far too innocent and does various favours for him in order to gain his trust to loot the security agency. Deepak is extremely against the theft when the senior first mentions it. Then the senior blackmails him saying that a previously stolen box is currently kept in Deepak's house. Feeling cornered, Deepak agrees to the risky plan of stealing the keys for this box when suddenly they are both robbed again and the senior is killed. Meanwhile, Rakhi loses her job tragically. Deepak finds the box stolen by his senior in his house and comes up with a plan to ensure Rakhi and Mahi's safe return to their village.
The movie ends when his attempt to steal the keys from the agency cost him his life but through a shrewd tactic he is able to pass on Rakhi the key for the stolen box. Rakhi and Mahi return to the village with Rakhi lost in memory of Deepak and their happy past.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In Mumbai, affable Bollywood buff and wanna-be-actor Sunny, who works as an assistant director, fantasizes on becoming a heart-throb star. However, at every audition he is summarily thrown out. Undeterred, he goes with an American crew to remote areas in Rajasthan to work on a documentary.
One day, a terrorist group kidnaps him instead of an American crew-member. Sunny finds himself on enemy border amidst guns and pathani-clad guards, who decide to keep him hostage until they locate their original target. The house where he is confined belongs to a Pakistani, whose trade stems from pirated Hindi films, which he brings back every time he crosses the border. Soon, the two factions realize that they share a human and cultural bond. The film shows how cinema can be the universal panacea for co-existence.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Virat Bakshi (Akshay Kumar), Captain in D.I.A., a wing of Indian Army, returns to his home in Mumbai on a holiday. On his arrival, his parents rush him to see Saiba Thapar (Sonakshi Sinha), who they wanted him to marry. But Virat rejects her with an excuse that she is old fashioned and not his type. On the contrary, Saiba is a professional boxer, and is completely modern in her outlook. Virat notices her in a boxing match and falls for her instantly.
One day, while traveling in a bus with his friend sub-inspector Mukund "Makhiya" Deshmukh (Sumeet Raghavan), Virat, while chasing a man who he regards with suspicion when he tries to flee the scene of a check going on after a passenger reports his wallet as stolen, witnesses a bomb explosion killing innocent people. Virat manages to capture the man who planted the bomb but he escapes from the hospital with the help of a police officer. Virat kidnaps the terrorist again and also forces corrupt police officer Ashok Gaikwad (Gireesh Sahedev) to commit suicide. He later discovers that a terrorist group has planned serial blasts in Mumbai to be executed in a couple of days with the help of 12 sleeper agents.Virat remembers that on the day when the bombs are going to be planted, there is a wedding where his team member Joel is tying the knot and all his Army officer friends are going to assemble. Along with his fellow Army officers and Mukund, Virat manages to track these bombers and kills them before they could trigger the bombs.
When the leader of these sleeper cells (Freddy Daruwala) finds out about the team of officers involved in the failure of the terrorist attack, he goes to Joel's house and kills his family and finds an album which has photos of team officers. He targets one officer's female relative from each team and kidnapes them. When Virat realizes the plan, he substitutes one of the girl to be kidnapped, with his younger sister Priti (Cherry Mardia). Using his pet dog Rocky and his sister's dupatta, he manages to reach the terrorist's hideout. He eliminates all the terrorists and rescues all the victims including his sister, who was about to be killed after Virat's bluff was exposed. Virat also captures Asif Ali (Dipendra Sharma), who was the leader of the group but later kills him on realizing that Asif is just the second-in-command of the sleeper cell.
When this attack fails, the terrorist leader decides to target Virat himself. He kills Kapil and his family, he being one of the army officers and forces Virat to surrender. Virat decides to sacrifice his life and plans a suicide attack by instructing Mukund and his fellow officers to follow him via a tracking chip inserted in his arm and plant a bomb at the terrorist's hideout. Virat then drives to a port in various cars, as told by the leader and ends up on a ship full of terrorists. To his surprise, Virat finds out that the cars he was asked to drive had bombs in them, which will frame him and his team as terrorists and also boost their plans to recruit sleeper cells in Indian Army with the help of Joint Defense Secretary of India — Mr. Alvin D'souza (Zakir Hussain), who is also a member of this terrorist group. Meanwhile, Joel, who was in touch with Mukund as instructed by Virat, plants a bomb at the base of the ship. Virat has a one-on-one fight with the leader and escapes on a boat before the ship explodes, also later killing the leader. The film ends with Virat forcing Alvin D'souza to commit suicide and later returning to border along with his team.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dev, Devi, Gaurav and Aditya are close friends. Gaurav is the son of CM of Haryana, while the rest of his friends are commoners. Gaurav is isolated from the politics his family is into and is the only educated person in his family. Gaurav is nice hearted, but always high on adrenaline because of his influential father. He has a knack of getting into trouble with police because of this attitude, but the police always ignore his pranks. A local grocer or Nunu has an evil eye on Devi and one fine day gropes her in his shop. The four of them decide to teach him a lesson. At night they break into his shop and trash him warning him not to see her again. Although outnumbered and in bad state Nunu challenges them to leave Devi behind for him. Dev is very angry and decides to teach him a lesson. They put him in their car's trunk and drive him to an isolated location. They are intercepted by Inspector R.S. Chautala who is patrolling the highway. Gaurav as usual tries to act smart and gets involved in a scuffle with Chautala. This enrages him and he suspects foul play. When he checks the car he discovers Nunu inside the trunk. Chautala kills Nunu in order to frame them in his murder case. In the morning after severe threat he puts up a demand of Rs. 61 lakhs of ransom money, which they have to arrange in 24 hours. Gaurav is afraid to tell his father about the incident because he was actually involved in kidnapping of Nunu, since this would cost his father his CM chair. Somehow everyone is able to arrange 24 lakhs.
Chautala further blackmails them by recording them handing over the money to him, as an evidence of attempting to bribe a policeman. He gives them 3 more days to arrange for the money with additional Rs. 10 lakhs as penalty. The four of them are further forced to arrange a rave party with a drug dealer, which is again raided by Chautala. He forces them into drug dealing as well to extract more juice out of them. The four of them decide that they had enough and want to expose him in a sting operation. They almost succeed in extracting confession out of him on camera, but are busted and Chautala also kidnaps Devi. Chautala outsmarts them on every step and four of slip deep into trouble with every step they try. Finally they are arrested on false charges and meanwhile out on bail.
Dev in the end decides that he has to sacrifice his life to expose truth. The next scene we see Dev in hospital and his narration is interrupted by Chautala once again. He clears up the ICU room of everyone to have a private moment with Dev. Dev tricks him by cutting off his own life support and getting into a scuffle with Chautala. As the medics and reporters rush into the room, they find Dev dead and it appears as if Chautala has killed him. This is telecast live on the news. Next we see Chautala meets Gaurav's father in an isolated region. Chautala true to his colour again attempting to blackmail the CM and he is shot dead by his colleague.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Ugr Pratap, the spirit master, hot on the trail of an evil spirit possessing the body of a young village girl. He tracks down the spirit but is not able to subdue it and the girl (under the spirit) plunges to her death and curses Ugr Pratap with the annihilation of his family. This horrible curse results in the brutal death of Ugr Pratap's innocent family and Ugr Pratap is accused of murdering them. The well meaning psychiatrist Dr Bharadwaj gets the court to send Ugr Pratap to a quiet psychiatric facility rather than the gallows. Dr Bharadwaj explains that he, too, often encounters paranormal patients who need spiritual rather than psychiatric help and Ugr Pratap is the only person who can help them.
Ayesha and Uday are a happily married couple living in Mumbai. One evening as they are returning from a party they are in a car crash, the other driver is thrown from her vehicle and smashes into their windshield and is killed on the spot. Some weeks later Uday gets a new project to revive a failing factory in Jabalpur (Uday's home town). Uday is excited to meet his old childhood friends and, more important, hopes that the change of place will help Ayesha recover from the shock from the accident.
They arrive in Jabalpur to a warm welcome from Uday's friends and Ayesha spends the next few weeks setting up the home and planning events and visits with friends: happy times. As time goes by strange things happen at the factory, machines inexplicably move and crash and employees are crushed, and at home, the gas range and toasters seem to have a will of their own. Ayesha is also perturbed by their immediate neighbors, the hot headed Manohar and his quietly suffering wife Urmi. The servant woman suggests consulting a local baba (healer and exorcist) who quickly concludes Ayesha is being attacked by an evil spirit. The baba suggests an exorcism but before this can be performed, the spirit, now angry, impales and kills the servant woman (with a deer head bust) and the baba. Around this time Ayesha's father hears about these strange events and quickly finds Ugr Pratap and sets off for Jabalpur.
Uday dismisses all the spirit theories and consults a doctor. Uday brings Ayesha to the factory hoping it will take her mind off the events. (Ayesha leaves their child, Sunny, with Urmi.) Ayesha notices that Uday's office has an old photograph of the factory manager and staff and among them are Manohar and Urmi. It is revealed that Manohar was the factory manager some sixty years ago and is now dead! Ayesha rushes back home in horror and runs into Urmi's house. It is uninhabited and dilapidated! Ayesha finds an old newspaper clipping which explains how Manohar was caught embezzling and was dismissed and arrested. Unable to bear this great dishonor, he poisoned his wife and child and himself. As this horrific truth dawns on Ayesha the spirits of Manohar and Urmi and their daughter show themselves. The spirit of Manohar bitterly says it will never let the factory carry on. And with that the three spirits possess Ayesha completely.
Ayesha returns home and now launches her reign of terror on the other servants. Her father and Ugr Pratap arrive just as Ayesha attacks Uday himself. Ugr Pratap fights back with his spiritual kamandal. There is a long battle as the spirit flees to the river bank and repeatedly attacks Ugr Pratap. Uday finally plunges the charmed trisul (trident) into Ayesha and dispatches all the spirits to the other worlds. The film ends as Uday and Ayesha return home and find their son nearly drowned but unhurt. Ugr Pratap vows to continue fighting evil in the world.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ashok (Saif Ali Khan) and Kumar (Riteish Deshmukh) are best friends, whereas Shanaya (Tamannaah Bhatia) and Mishti (Bipasha Basu) are their love interests. Ashok's father is a multi millionaire but has been in a coma for the last six years, while his wicked Mamaji (Ram Kapoor) teams up with an evil doctor, Dr. Khan (Nawab Shah) to get rid of Ashok and take over all his property. During a board meeting Singh(Ram Kapoor) mixes a medicine in Ashok and Kumar's drink and they both start behaving like dogs.
They are taken to a mental asylum for treatment by Dr. Shivani (Esha Gupta), who soon realises the truth and promises to discharge them. But fate takes a twist as two lookalikes of Ashok and Kumar being treated in the same hospital's 'B' ward (who work for Bijlani (Chunkey Pandey), a cocaine smuggler) are accidentally released instead of the true ones. Shanaya and Mishti take them to Ashok's mansion where Singh understands the whole mix-up and plans to use the duplicate Ashok to become the owner of the whole business empire. Now the true Ashok and Kumar also come to know of Mamaji's evil plan but are stuck in the asylum. They are offered help by one of the ward boy Cyrus (Darshan Jariwala), who takes them to a secret ward 'C' to meet 'Johnny' who is a look alike of Mamaji but has a dangerous habit of attacking people who sneeze in front of him. Ashok and Kumar plan revenge against Singh with the help of Johnny but get caught by the warden Y. M. Raj (Satish Shah) before they can escape from the asylum. Y. M. Raj prepares to punish them but accidentally sneezes in front of them. Angered by this, Johnny beats him black and blue, thus helping the three to escape.
On the day of the board meeting, the true Ashok and Kumar were about to expose Singh, when Dr. Khan triggers the fire alarm. All the three mental patients escape the building. Now desperate Ashok and Kumar bump into a dance bar owner Balbir the triplicate of Singh while Singh also arranges another set of Ashok and Kumar with the help of plastic surgery. Singh takes the triplicate Ashok and Kumar to 'House of Commons' were the fake Ashok is to hand over all the business to him in the presence of Prince Charles but the real Ashok and Kumar arrive along with the triplicate of Singh. To add to the confusion the three mental patients also storm in to help the real Ashok and Kumar creating panic among the eyewitnesses on seeing so many lookalikes together.
The movie closes with Ashok's father coming out of his coma and recognising the true Ashok and getting Singh arrested for his deeds.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts with Aisha (Shraddha Kapoor) calling her husband and leaving a message for him. A mysterious man in a hood breaks into her house, murders her with a screwdriver, and throws her out of the window. At her funeral, CBI officer Aditya Rathore (Shaad Randhawa) points out to the police that it is vital to track down the murderer or else Guru Divekar (Sidharth Malhotra), Aisha's husband, would go on a killing spree. He misguides Guru by blaming Guru's former boss, gangster Caeser (Remo Fernandes), for killing Aisha. In a flashback, he reveals that Guru used to work as a hitman for Caeser. Two years back, Guru had mercilessly killed a young man in a fit of anger, in front of his mother and younger brother. She told Guru that one day God would make him pay for his crimes.
Guru meets Aisha, a free spirited girl in love with life, who requests him to help her with reuniting two aged lovers. They soon become friends and Aisha reveals to him that she has a terminal illness, and tells him about her bucket list. Guru helps her fulfill most of those wishes but her health deteriorates. They fall in love and get married. He tries every means to save her. She receives treatment in Mumbai and miraculously recovers. Few days later she discovers she is pregnant but the doctor tells her that she might die while delivering the baby. She conceals this fact from Guru. In a parallel story, Rakesh Mahadkar (Riteish Deshmukh) is an unsuccessful and henpecked man who is constantly nagged and ridiculed by his wife Sulochana (Aamna Sharif) for being useless and poor. He vents out his frustration by murdering women who speak rudely to him, and Aisha turns out to be one of them.
In present day, Guru aims to track down Aisha's killer. After finding out that it was not Caeser behind the murder, he finally tracks down Rakesh, while he is assaulting another victim. Guru beats Rakesh brutally but later admits him to a hospital and pays for the expenses, intending to return. While at the hospital, Guru finds out that Aisha was pregnant which makes him angrier. While assaulting a nurse who had earlier spoken rudely to him, Rakesh is again intercepted by Guru who almost kills him, but revives him again after delivering an adrenaline shot and sets him free. Meanwhile, the police finds out the truth about Rakesh and takes his wife for questioning. Rakesh realizes that Guru is Aisha's husband as she had begged him not to kill her by saying that she is pregnant and Guru is taking revenge.
Rakesh, who now knows Guru's identity, taunts him over the phone before killing Aisha's father, and then surrenders to Aditya. Rakesh expects Guru to kill him so that he would become a "hero" in the eyes of his wife and everyone else, while Guru would become a "villain". However, Caesar calls Guru at that moment and says that he has killed Rakesh's wife and asks Guru to finish off his son. Enraged, Rakesh injures Guru and is about to kill him when he is run over by a car and dies on the spot. Guru later adopts Rakesh's son instead of killing him, and completes the remaining wishes on Aisha's bucket list.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Living in a middle-class orthodox family of Old Hyderabad, Bilqees Ahmed aka Bobby (Vidya Balan) is a wannabe private detective. She lives with her Abba (Rajendra Gupta), Ammi (Supriya Pathak), Kausar Khala (Tanvi Azmi) and two younger sisters including Noor (Benaf Dadachanji). To pursue her passion of spying, Bobby solves petty neighbourhood cases such as helping Tasawwur (Ali Fazal), a TV show host, to get rid of marriage proposals brought home by his parents. Bobby finally gets her big break when a rich NRI Anees Khan (Kiran Kumar) hands her a case of finding two missing girls named 'Niloufer' and 'Aamna' with a birth mark on their hand and shoulder respectively. To solve the case, Bobby takes up many get-ups such as 'beggar', 'peon', 'hawker', 'nerd student', 'astrologer' and even a fake 'TV producer'. After locating the targets, Khan pays her a tremendous fee and also offers huge amount of money to both girls' fathers for reasons unknown to Bobby. Khan also hands over his third and final case of finding a boy with a missing toe named 'Ali'.
Meanwhile, Bobby and Tasawwur's family fix their marriage leaving both into the dilemma of how to get rid of this situation. A local goon Lala (Arjan Bajwa) also offers a case to Bobby to break Lala's girlfriend Aafreen (Anupriya Goenka)'s marriage, which is forcefully fixed by her mother Saida (Zarina Wahab). On Bobby's denial, Lala makes her realize that she has been helping the NRI for a wrong cause. Doubting on that Bobby tries to know the whereabouts of the two girls, but gets to know that both girls have gone missing. Scared and shocked, Bobby takes help from Tasawwur and sneaks into Khan's 5 star hotel room to check his background, only to be caught and thrown out by Khan and the hotel staff. But Bobby manages to get a hold of Khan's diary and his old photograph, which later gets into the hands of Lala, who since then starts following Bobby.
Khan now suddenly goes into hiding and Bobby starts searching for him with the belief that Khan will not leave the town without his third target Ali. With the help of clues in Khan's diary such as a London based library's stamp and a Biryani order from a local restaurant, Bobby gets to know about Khan's background and later Khan is shown following Ali. It turns out to be a trap to capture Khan. With the twist in the climax, it is revealed that the three people Khan was looking for were his long lost children during communal riots. Khan has offered money to both girl's foster parents for helping them and sent the girls to London to pursue higher education. Tasawwur also enters the scene along with Lala who is actually Khan's long lost son 'Ali'. The film ends with Bobby becoming a famous detective, while she and Tasawwur are now in love with each other but are still confused about their marriage.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dinesh aka Dino and Karishma aka K are best of friends. Everyone in their friend circle feel that they're perfect for each other but they ignore them and think each other as each other best friend. But when Karishma's dad fixes her marriage, both of them realize that they are perfect for each other and decide to escape. Before leaving they take a puppy whom they name Jerry with them. They start their journey with full joy and express their love to each other. On the other hand, their parents start searching for them. They first go to Goa where they just escape from Dino brother and Mahesh an employer at her dad's office. Then before leaving to Nagpur they decide to marry without thinking that Dino is just 20 year old. They are then lost in a jungle where they start having fight and blame each other in that chaos Jerry is lost.
They decide to part ways and when they reach home are scolded by their parents and Dino starts a fresh and reconcile with his old friends and Karishma's marriage is fixed with Mahesh and they decide to meet one last time and before their divorce is finalized they realize they are in love but get divorced. Dino starts working hard and gets to know from his friend that Karishma is getting married and while on the road to airport realizes that he and Karishma are made for each other. He sneaks into the wedding while Karishma is getting ready and gifts him a puppy named Tom and they confess their love in front of everyone and their parents also agree and they leave on the bike with Tom same as their old journey of love.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kavya, who’s engaged to an NRI American doctor, decides to go to Delhi to buy an expensive designer bridal dress for her wedding, after her father refuses to get her the costly dress. She meets Humpty Sharma in Delhi, who falls in love with her. Humpty, with the help of his friends, Shonty and Poplu, chases Kavya, but she’s not interested. She, however, befriends him. Kavya confides in Humpty, that her friend in Delhi, Gurpreet, was blackmailed by her ex-boyfriend, who had secretly filmed a sex sequence of the two. Humpty stumbles upon the idea of victimizing Gurpreet’s ex that would also avenge Gurpreet, and also gather the money for the wedding dress for Kavya. They manage to get some money but Kavya isn’t happy about the way that money is obtained. However, these ensuing adventures make Kavya fall for Humpty, and the night before she’s supposed to leave Delhi for her home in Ambala, she makes love with him. When Humpty asks her if she loves him, she says she won’t go against the wishes of her father, who has arranged her marriage with an NRI. In order to help Humpty get the money for Kavya’s dress, Humpty’s father and friends chip in money. Kavya reluctantly accepts the money and leaves Delhi.
Kavya is a changed person when she arrives home. She tells her family that she has decided not to buy that expensive dress. In the meantime, she gifts a car to Humpty using that money, as she had known about Humpty’s father’s dream for car. Overwhelmed, Humpty and his friends, goes to Ambala, where Humpty tries to win over Kavya. Kavya’s father believes in arranged marriages, as his older daughter, Swati married against the wishes of her father and later her wedding turned out to be a disaster ending in divorce. Kavya’s father instantly disapproves Humpty, and gets him & his friends beaten up. Upon repeated persuasion, he asks to give Humpty one reason why his daughter shouldn’t marry that NRI, Angad. He sets him a five day deadline to give him the reason. Humpty and his friends try their best to find flaws in Angad but fail to do so.
At the end of the deadline and on her wedding day, Kavya runs away from her home and calls Humpty to join her on a train to leave the town. Kavya’s father and family reach the train station, where Kavya’s father is extremely angry and hits Humpty. Humpty gives an emotional explanation saying that he may not be as rich, successful or good-looking as Angad, but he loves Kavya from the core of his heart. He leaves Ambala after that incident. When Kavya is dressed up as a bride, her father asks her if she still fancies that expensive wedding dress. She replies she’s not fit for expensive classy dress, but is suitable for local dresses. Her father gets the idea that her relationship would be fuller with Humpty, the local boy and not Angad, the American doctor. He approaches Humpty and gives his consent to marry her daughter.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with an aged man entering a graveyard to lay flowers on somebody's grave. He hears the noise of someone struggling in a coffin nearby. He digs into that place and opens the coffin. To his utmost surprise, he discovers a girl buried alive in the coffin. He takes the girl and admits her to the hospital. Inspector Anton Varghese (Siddharth Kher), the officer-in-charge of the case, tells the doctor to let him know as soon as she regains consciousness and asks one of his officers to stay alert in case the girl is attacked again. Interestingly, that very officer turns out to be a dishonest one and calls an anonymous person informing him of the girl being alive. He, then, secretly enters her cabin for a second attempt to kill her and this time too, by suffocation. He presses a pillow on her face but she manages to press the alarm button. This causes the nurse to rush to her cabin. The officer goes out of the cabin pretending to be unaware of the attack. Now, that the girl has become conscious, the doctor calls Inspector Anton. When Anton, along with the doctor, goes into her cabin, they find her missing. Anton, frustrated, sends his officers to look for her and himself goes to the ground floor to meet the dean. While he is waiting for the lift, he remembers the monitor in her cabin still working meaning that the girl was right there when they entered. He goes back to the cabin but the girl had already escaped. She crawls her way to the store room.
The girl is revealed to be Sonika (simranpreet Brar) and is the mistress of a powerful and influential political leader Mandar Mhatre (Sushant Singh). Sonika is a photography student. Sonika is kept isolated and tortured by Mandar. She reluctantly finds comfort in her college friend Akshay Bedi (Simranjeet singh masoun) who secretly loves her. They both fall in love but Sonika is helpless since she can't tell Akshay about her being the mistress of Mandar. Akshay gets to know the truth and comforts her. They both move to a different home and decide to spend their lives together. They declare their love and have sex. Sonika is happy and finds some hope that she will be free from the torture that she would tolerate. Mandar tries to find Sonika but she is nowhere to be found in her house. Later on he gets to know that she has eloped with her lover.
Mandar and his men reach Simranjeet's house and attack him. Simranpeeet cries and pleads Mandar to leave Akshay but he refuses to. Mandar's men kill Simranjeet by tying him to a rope and throwing him in a lake in a car. Mandar also buries Sonika alive in a coffin. After she is rescued she vows to exact vengeance upon Mandar for murdering Akshay and for herself. She at first kills the police officer who tried to kill her. Then she writes a diary describing her torture. She dives inside the same lake and puts it in the car. She then kills one of the three men who were involved along with Mandar in killing Akshay. After that, she informs Anton about Akshay's dead body. However even though Anton gets hold of Akshay and through the diary Mandar makes it look that Sonika killed Akshay. Sonika then again manages to put everything in right order and kills another man of Mandar involved with Mandar in killing Akshay. Then Sonika teams up with Mandar's archrival and get hold of the third man of Mandar involved in killing Akshay. However all of a sudden Mandar himself kills that person.
It is revealed that the arch-rival had become partner after Mandar offered to share his seats with him in election. Mandar makes it look that Sonika did it and thus police officer catch her. However she manages to escape with Anton's help. Then Sonika kills Mandar with Mandar's wife's help (who came to know about Mandar's wrongdoing accidentally). Next day, Anton provides a locked house for Sonika to live there in the safety with the new introduction of 'Veronica', as his sister. And that is because nobody can even doubt that she is hiding inside the house which belongs to the police officer who is searching for her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Riyasat is a story about Saheb who has established a kingdom. He is being considered the godfather for the people of city. Saheb become aware of some unsocial people entered into the city with no good intentions. There starts a war and Saheb protects his kingdom. But, this war ends up changing Saheb's life forever.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Amit Sahni (played by Vir Das) is a young and quirky investment banker, who is searching for the woman of his dreams, correction- the woman of his LIST. After a painful break-up during his teenage days, Amit has noted down all the traits that he is looking for in the perfect woman or Miss Right and every time he goes out on a date, he secretly checks to see if his date matches to the list. The interesting twists and turns that take place on account of the list and his quest for Miss Right make for an interesting comedy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kunal Malkholkar (Akshay Oberoi) is a pizza delivery boy who lives with his wife Nikita (Parvathy Omanakuttan). She is an aspiring novelist and is researching for writing a horror story, whereas Kunal does not believe in supernatural powers, and is afraid of anything supernatural. Nikki, keeps telling him that he would soon realize the presence of supernatural beings. At first, Kunal is confused and scared, and his fears are confirmed when he comes to know his boss, i.e., the Pizza restaurant owner Mr. Kapoor's (Rajesh Sharma) pregnant wife is possessed by a spirit. Meanwhile, Nikki becomes pregnant. One particular day, Kunal goes out to deliver a pizza to a customer and returns to the restaurant in a state of shock while covered in blood; he is apparently injured, keeps constantly muttering Nikkis name, and seems to be worried about her. When his boss questions him, Kunal explains that he had been to deliver a pizza to a customer named Smitha (Dipannita Sharma) in a bungalow and recounts the events that happened at the bungalow. Smitha requests Kunal to wait downstairs while she goes upstairs to retrieve change. Almost immediately, there is power failure, which alarms Kunal. While waiting downstairs completely alone in the dark, Kunal hears a loud unidentifiable noise from the bedroom upstairs. Going up to investigate, he finds Smitha murdered suspiciously and notices one slice the pizza he had delivered to be missing, suggesting that there may be somebody else in the house. Horrified, Kunal makes a dash for the door only to realize that it has been locked from the outside. Further more when the murdered woman’s husband (Arunoday Singh) arrives, he at first believes he stumbles upon his wife having an affair. Through his cellphone Kunal communicates with him and explains his situation thoroughly instigating Mr. Ghost to aid him on how to get out of the house. Moreover, Mr. Ghost suddenly disappears from the front entrance, and is found by Kunal inside the house mysteriously murdered in the same room as his wife, with two slices of the pizza now missing. Also, Kunal encounters the couple's child "Anjali", identical to the name of the spirit allegedly possessing Mr. Kapoor's wife. Kunal tries everything he can to get out of the house including trying to break down the sealed doors leading outside, to using the house phone which happens to work even though the line is dead. Kunal manages to contact Nikki using the phone and gets her to contact to the local police to come and rescue him. The door bell rings, and Kunal finds Nikki outside. He sees the ghost couple behind Nikki and asks her to move, but is attacked by the ghosts. When a couple of policemen arrive at the bungalow, Kunal believes that Nikki had requested them to help him, but they reveal that four people had been killed in that house - Smitha, Mr. Ghost, their young daughter and a girl named Nikki, implying that she is Kunal's girl friend, Nikki. The police disclose that Kunal is a suspect regarding the murder case and attempt to arrest him. Confused and in tears, Kunal does not believe the policemen and attempts to escape the clutches of these police men in order to go in search of Nikki. While trying to escape, Kunal witnesses the police getting dragged into the house and being killed. At this juncture, Kunal, in a horrified state, runs back to the restaurant. While Kunal is not convinced that Nikki is dead, his friends at the restaurant and Mr. Kapoor start realizing that they had never seen Nikki; they also observe that Kunal's home does not have any evidence that he lived with Nikki. Further, it is revealed that the haunted bungalow had witnessed the untimely deaths of a married couple, their daughter, and two policeman, whose ghosts Kunal had earlier interacted with. Meanwhile, Kunal seems to continue his search for Nikki, has constant health issues, and seems to be disturbed by ghosts and supernatural entities. As Kunal during a delivery stops and calls Nikki, the true story of what had happened is disclosed. The Income Tax department had planned on a raid at the restaurant owner Mr. Kapoor's house. Mr. Kapoor who has diamonds worth around 20 million hidden in his restaurant hides it in a box of candies and asks Kunal to deliver it to his house. but he goes his house first to deliver pizzas to his wife, she notices the candy box. She decides to take few candies, when she notices the packet containing diamonds. Kunal and Nikki decide that stealing those diamonds would improve their life style and support their baby. So, they concoct a clever story in which Kunal convincingly "forgets" the Pizza bag at the "haunted" bungalow which Mr. Kapoor would never enter into, thanks to his fear of supernatural powers. Meanwhile, Nikki packs and plans to go somewhere away from that city and decide to settle abroad. Kunal says that before going away from there he wants to deliver the last pizza of his life and gets a phone call. Kunal, after the phone call, goes to deliver a pizza to a house and he encounters a series of events similar to the story he had narrated. Inside, he meets a little girl identical to the "Anjali" he had described in his story. Kunal is locked inside the home with "Anjali" curiously looking at him. The lights then goes off followed by a gunshot sound.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dr. Shaina Mehra is a psychiatrist living in Warsaw, Poland. Her father, Brijesh Mehra brings a marriage proposal and asks her to meet Himanshu Tyagi. Himanshu and Shaina meet in a train, where Shaina reveals that she had an ex-boyfriend, Devi Lal Singh, and talks about her crazy experiences with him.
Devi is an intelligent, adventurous man who is always looking for a "kick" in his life. When Shaina meets Devi, she is trying to help her friend Vidhi elope with her lover who is Devi's friend. Devi gets them married in a temple, but also helps her mother follow them and reach the temple for "kick." Shaina meets Devi's father, Ratan Lal Singh, and his mother Rati Lal Singh. Devi and Shaina date and fall in love. On Shaina's suggestion, Devi accepts a job in a chemical lab, but resigns in a few days suffering from the lack of "kick." Shaina scolds him and Devi breaks up with her and moves away.
Himanshu, a police officer, shares his experiences with a thief he hates, because he can't stop him. The robber, called "Devil," targets the rich people associated with Shiv Gajra, a corrupt businessman, and robs them. The robber is none other than Devi. When Himanshu is unsuccessful in catching Devil, Devi contacts Himanshu and refers to him as a partner and insults him by calling him a loser which is actually a clue that Devi gives Himanshu.
Shaina spots Devi in Poland who has come there for treatment after losing his memory in an accident. Shaina offers to handle Devi's case and take him home. Devi is acting about his memory loss, his real plan is to befriend and fool Himanshu and rob Shiv, who will be coming to Poland. Devi enters a charity function and robs Shiv, but Himanshu and Shaina discover Devi's true identity and Devi escapes. Himanshu spots Devi and warns him he will be killed, but Devi says that he will rob a huge party fund on 14 November. Devi dares Himanshu to kill him on the 14th, otherwise Devi will be standing in front of him on 15 November, and he won't be able to do anything.
In a flashback, Devi's true intentions and good deeds are revealed by Devi's father. He tells Shaina that his son is committing robberies to help poor children who are suffering from diseases. Devi saved a girl named Jhumki after reading a letter in the hands of her dead parents. When a doctor tells him that several children are suffering from diseases, he saves them by robbing to get money for their treatments, knowing that it will give a lot of "kick." On 14 November, after fighting Shiv's henchmen, Devi kills Shiv. Himanshu is set up with officers to shoot Devi, but kids block his shot. 14 November is Children's Day, and the sick children are going to pray for Devi and Himanshu realizes the robberies were for the kids.
On 15 November, Devi joins the police force to catch Devil. He arrives at the police station and stands in front of Himanshu, who is unable to do anything about the situation, therefore completing his challenge. Himanshu is taken off of the case and it is given to Devi, who is now a police officer. Devi then thanks Himanshu, saying that he was never against him, but he is against the corrupt system.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with Akhil Lokande (Akshay Kumar) getting paid for doing an ad, where he gets into a fight, as he wasn't paid the full amount of money that they had promised. This continues with a few other ads, where Akhil constantly ends the fight when he gets a phone call, and says he has to go somewhere. He then arrives on a shoot where Sakshi (Tamannaah Bhatia) is shooting for her television series. After her shoot lets out, they go for a walk around the park, observing other couples. At the end of their walk, Akhil proposes to Saakshi. Akhil and Saakshi go to her father's (Mithun Chakraborty) house, where they are told that until Akhil becomes rich, he can't marry Saakshi.
Akhil goes to his film-obsessed friend, Jugnu's (Krushna Abhishek) shop. He tells him that he is going to visit his father at the hospital because he has chest pain. However, his father (Darshan Jariwala), is actually acting and is dancing around with the nurse, only staying in the hospital because it has service like a 5-Star hotel. Akhil arrives just in time to hear and see this, and goes to beat up his father, when he reveals that Akhil is adopted and his real father wasn't ready for a child so his mother left, but was killed in a train crash. Luckily Akhil survived, and when the railway officers were giving one lakh rupees for the families who's even one member dies so he took akhil and made him his son. Then Akhil beats him up. He goes back to his house, and opens the chest that he never had before, which contains love letters from his real father, to his mother, and a locket with his father and mother's pictures. He discovers that his father is Pannalal Johri (Dalip Tahil) who is a billionaire in Bangkok. He also meets Johri's lawyer Habibullah Sheikh (Johnny Lever) Right as he finds this, on the television comes news that Pannalal Johri is dead and his 3000 crore's will go to anyone who can prove that they are related to Pannalal Johri.
After arriving at Johri mansion, his father's house at Bangkok, he discovers that a dog named 'Entertainment' is the owner of Johri's property. They try to kill Entertainment, by having Akhil become Entertainment's caretaker, but fail. Saakshi and her father surprise Akhil at the mansion, and discover that Entertainment is the heir, causing the father to declare that Saakshi will never marry Akhil. At this time 2 brothers, Karan (Prakash Raj) and Arjun (Sonu Sood), the 2nd cousins of Johri, escape jail. Karan and Arjun want to kill Akhil, because they figure that the dog will die in a couple of years anyway, so while Akhil is attempting to kill Entertainment, by drowning him under a thinly iced lake. Karan and Arjun hit the ground at the same time as Akhil causing him to nearly fall in, but Entertainment saves the former, and falls into the lake instead. After a lot of efforts Akhil fails to save Entertainment but suddenly he comes out of the water and they develop feelings for each other. Akhil realizes his mistake and learns that Entertainment is a good hearted and good dog so he becomes his friend and leaves the mansion. Karan and Arjun, citing that their lawyer knows the judge very well, inappropriately acquire the property from Entertainment.
Akhil learns this news and returns. He vows that he'll get the property back for Entertainment. Akhil's strategy is to divide the two brothers and conquer. He manages to get a job as a servant at the Mansion, now owned by Karan and Arjun. Akhil attempts to split the two brothers, first by introducing Saakshi who seduces the two brothers separately. However, the scheme fails as background music rejoices the two brothers. Akhil again attempts trying to split two brothers, this time by introducing a false impression of a ghost of Entertainment the dog. The two brothers quarrel and accuse each other of illegally disguising as Entertainment and they tricked the judges. Akhil's friends tape this conversation slyly, however, the CD drops accidentally and Karan and Arjun realize that all this was planned by Akhil.
Entertainment runs with the CD. Karan, Arjun and their gang chase the dog, Akhil, and his friends. Akhil manages to beat them all. Later, Karan shoots Akhil, but Entertainment takes the bullet by jumping in front of Akhil. Akhil gets angry and beats up Karan black and blue.
Entertainment is taken to the hospital but unable to get saved, Akhil in a fit of anger he punches him but at this process he had saved him. Karan and Arjun come to apologize to Entertainment, who forgives them. Saakshi's father gets Akhil and Saakshi married while Entertainment also marries a female dog in the same ceremony, this starts a party song "Veerey Di Wedding". This film ends when it shows that Akhil and Saakshi lives a life with Entertainment and his wife (the female dog) and finally at the end it shows the social message Love your pets and they will entertain you all life
-----------------------------------------------------------
Bajirao Singham (Ajay Devgan) gets transferred to Mumbai and he discovers that one of his team members (Mahesh) is found dead inside an ambulance with massive bags of money. Bajirao decides to unearth the truth behind it and in this process, he collides with a powerful and fraudulent religious leader, Satyaraj Chandar a.k.a. Babaji (Amole Gupte), who has high-profile connections with corrupted politicians.
During this period, Guruji (Anupam Kher), is killed by Babaji, even though Singham was present at the scene. He vows revenge. Because of this, he has to pretend that he has resigned in front of his family. Due to this his father asks him and his childhood friend, Avni (Kareena Kapoor Khan), to come to their home town, Shivgarh. After some comic scenes, Singham and Avni, fall in love with each other. However, it is then revealed that Singham hasn't resigned and came to Shivgargh on a mission to get some evidences against Babaji.
When they get back to Mumbai, Babaji starts threatening Singham's family. He also harms all of Guruji's candidates, including Avni, because her brother is one of the candidates. Singham manages to save everyone but before they resign, one of Babaji's henchmen, Altaf (Pankaj Tripathi), wakes up from coma and testifies against him. Singham arrests Babaji and his left hand, Prakash Rao. However, some party workers execute an attack outside the court, killing the witnesses. This causes Babaji and Prakash Rao to receive bail. But after Babaji gets released, Singham goes to his house without wearing his police uniform and shoots at their buttocks to coerce them and the wounded Prakash Rao and Baba tell the truth.
A few weeks later, Guruji's party wins the elections. While being transported to jail, Prakash Rao and Baba once again threaten Singham. Suddenly, the van in which Prakash Rao and Baba are being transported in suddenly stops and the driver walks away. A water tanker crashes into the van and both of them are killed. Inspector Phadnis (Vineet Sharma) tells media that there was a brake failure, and the incident is deemed an accident.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shivani Shivaji Roy (Rani Mukerji), a dedicated and brave police officer with Maharashtra Police, chases a Delhi-based kingpin, Karan Rastogi (Tahir Raj Bhasin), who runs an organised crime cartel involving child trafficking and drugs. Her aim is to hunt him down and rescue a teenage girl, Pyaari. Pyaari is an orphan who is kidnapped by Karan's men. Shivani had saved Pyaari from being sold by her uncle and started taking care of her, and since then Pyaari is like a daughter to her. She takes the task more personally and goes beyond her legal rights and duties to nab Karan and save Pyaari. Karan, aware that Shivani is continually monitoring his cartel's activities, phones her, suggesting she not interrupt his business. Determined to catch him, Shivani uses intelligence inputs to track down his associate in Mumbai, who leads her to Karan's close aide, Wakeel, in Delhi. Karan, as a warning to Shivani, dismembers one of Pyaari's fingers and sends it to Shivani's house wrapped in a gift box, and gets Shivani's husband abused and thrashed.
Shivani travels to Delhi and sets up a trap involving decoy drug dealers from Nigeria, who pretend to offer very expensive rare South American cocaine to Karan and Wakeel. As the decoy drug dealers are negotiating the deal with Wakeel, Shivani barges in with other police officers and intercepts the area. While Karan escapes, Wakeel realises he'll get arrested, which means the police would interrogate him and eventually capture Karan. He therefore tries to erase evidence by destroying his mobile phone's SIM card, then shoots himself.
Shivani's continued investigation and the information from her sources leads her to Karan's house, where Karan's mother sedates her. Shivani is abducted and brought to a party organised by Karan. There, she meets Pyaari; Pyaari and the other girls are forced to work as prostitutes. Shivani singlehandedly confronts the situation, forcing Karan into a small room and rescuing and taking the girls with her. She challenges Karan to fight her when he teases her for being a woman and beats him badly. Sensing that he might escape the law, given the corruption in the police and judicial system, she hands Karan over to the girls, who beat him to death. His other gang members are arrested and prosecuted.
-----------------------------------------------------------
ACP Ravindra Varma (Govinda) is a daredevil and sincere police officer who has been called in order to nab a dreaded terrorist (Milind Shinde). During his attempts to catch the terrorist, Ravindra Varma realises that there are two ministers (Surendra Pal and Makrand Deshpande) who work hand in glove with the said terrorist.
Besides them, there are two brothers (Murali Sharma and Ashutosh Rana) who form the right hand of the two corrupt ministers. Does the righteous ACP Ravindra Varma manage to bring the crooks to book or does he become unsuccessful in doing so, is what forms the rest of the film.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raja (Emraan Hashmi) is a small-time conman who cons people for a living along with his partner in crime Raghav (Deepak Tijori). He is in love with a bar girl Ziya (Humaima Malick). Feeling sorry for her, Raja decides he wants to go for a big catch so that he can marry his lady love and she won't have to work in a bar anymore. That's when the trouble starts. Along with Raghav, Raja makes a grand plan to swindle a huge amount of money from two baddies. The plan is successful and Raja decides to celebrate.
This is when Varda Yadav (Kay Kay Menon), a billionaire based in Cape Town, enters. The money actually belonged to him and upon realising it has been stolen by two street-cons Vardha orders them to be killed. Varda's men find Raghav and kill him. Raja witnesses this and decides to avenge the loss.
He seeks the help of a seasoned crook Yogi (Paresh Rawal), whom Raghav used to talk about before his murder. After a lot of persuasion, Yogi agrees to help Raja have his payback. Yogi trains him, and eventually they form a team of crooks, and set out to Cape Town to finish off Varda where he took his revenge.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Mangte Chungeijang Kom (Priyanka Chopra) in labour, walking towards the hospital with her husband, Onler Kom (Darshan Kumaar). Due to a curfew, they have difficulty finding a public transport and Onler is mistaken for an insurgent and beaten when he tries to find a vehicle. The film then shifts to a flashback in which Kom found boxing gloves in the remains of an air crash in 1991, which prompted her interest in boxing despite her father's disapproval. During an early fight, she chases a boy and ends up in a boxing gym. After realising that the coach of the gym, Narjit Singh (Sunil Thapa), was also the coach of the Asian champion Dingko Singh, Kom tells him about her boxing aspirations. He asks her to visit the gym for the next thirty days and says that he will only teach her if she is deserving enough. She starts visiting the gym, informing her mother but not her father. Days pass but her coach does not enquire about her. Due to Kom's dedication and stubbornness, Singh starts training her. Later, he suggests changing her name to Mary Kom.
Kom challenges a local wrestler for money, in order get a household cow back, which the family had to sell off because of their financial troubles. This is where she meets the footballer Onler Kom. After winning the state-level championship, her father confronts her for keeping her involvement in the sport from him. When her father asks her to choose between him and boxing, she reluctantly chooses the sport. After watching her victorious 2002 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships match on television, her father reconciles with Kom, and apologises to her for not understanding her passion for the sport. Meanwhile, Onler proposes to her and agrees never to ask her to quit boxing. After she wins the 2006 Women's World Amateur Boxing Championships, Kom agrees to marry him much to her coach's dissatisfaction. After the marriage, Kom gets pregnant and gives up her career to look after her family.
Kom gives birth to twins and applies for a government job. However, she refuses the position of a police constable, feeling that as a world-champion boxer, she deserves better. It devastates her to learn that people no longer recognise her. Onler encourages her to restart her boxing training. She joins the gym again, leaving her husband to look after the twins at home. Her coach is still upset about her decision to marry, but Kom makes a comeback in the National Boxing Championship. Despite performing better than her opponent, she loses the match due to the apparent partiality of the judges. Kom throws a chair in anger towards them, resulting in a ban. She later writes an apology letter, and the official accepts it, but only after insulting her.
Kom then convinces Narjit Singh to train her, as she thinks that he is the one who can get the best out of her. After completing her training, she participates in the 2008 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championships and reaches the finals. Meanwhile, Onler informs her about one of her children having ventricular septal defect. In the subsequent fight, Kom fails to defend herself. After a knockout punch from her opponent, Kom hallucinates about her husband and children in the audience. She regains her strength and fights back, winning the championship. On the podium while accepting the medal, she learns that her son's surgery was successful. Later, she is given the nickname "Magnificent Mary". The film ends with the Indian flag waving and the Indian national anthem playing in the background.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ahana (Bipasha Basu) opens a hotel in Glendale, Himachal Pradesh. During the day of the opening party, she meets Kunal Anand (Imran Abbas), a novelist, and they become attracted to each other. When a couple and the hotel cook are killed by an unknown creature, Kunal decides to help Ahana. Romance culminates between Ahana and Kunal and they consummate their relationship. After a few peaceful days, the creature strikes again and wreaks havoc in the hotel; Ahana finds herself facing off against a ten-feet long creature with the legs and tail of a dinosaur, and the body and head of a human. Professor Sadanand (Mukul Dev) scares off the creature with a burning log.
The next morning, the injured guests and hotel staff get evicted by police. The professor explains that the creature is a Brahmarakshas, a man-eating mutant which is the result of Lord Brahma, the Hindu god of creation, cursing demons to become such creatures with no salvation, eternally condemned to roam on earth and suffer. Brahmarakshasas still lurk in dense forests of India, but their sightings are as relevant as sightings of UFOs. He suggests Ahana and Kunal to leave if they wish to stay alive. Ahana refuses to leave the hotel, determined to fight back.
Ahana, Kunal and the professor are joined in the fight by two cops, Inspector Rana (Deepraj Rana) and Inspector Chaubey (Bikramjeet Kanwarpal), but the Brahmarakshasa kills Chaubey. They learn that a Sarpanch filed a report of a Brahmarakshasa sighting a few years back and go to meet him. He tells them that decades ago, a hunter killed a Brahmarakshasa, and the only person who can help them now is Dr. Moga, the son of the late hunter. Kunal and Ahana set for Shimla to meet the doctor. On the way, Kunal reveals his true identity as Karan Malhotra, the chairman of the builder group that compelled Ahana's father to commit suicide. He tells her that he felt guilty and wanted to apologize. Heartbroken, Ahana breaks up with Karan.
Dr. Moga explains that Brahmarakshasa can be killed by a weapon dipped in the temple pond of the Brahma Temple in Pushkar but is effective only if dipped into the pond on night of Kartik Purnima.Since Kartik Purnima is many days away, Dr. Moga gives Ahana an old rifle with which his father had killed a Brahmarakshasa. Ahana, the professor, and Rana enter the den of the Brahmarakshasa; Rana and the professor are killed by the beast, and when it tries to attack Ahana, Karan saves her. With Karan's help, Ahana manages to kill the creature with the last bullet in the rifle.
A few days later, the hotel is ready to be reopened. Ahana forgives Karan and they rekindle their relationship.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ferdinand 'Ferdie' Pinto (Naseeruddin Shah), receives a letter in the middle of the night and realizes that his one true love, Stefanie 'Fanny' Fernandes (Anjali Patil), never knew about his true feelings for her. Angelina 'Angie' Eucharistica (Deepika Padukone), a young widow and a dear friend to Ferdie, decides to help him. Angie was married to Gabo Eucharistica (Ranveer Singh), who died suddenly during the couples wedding party. Ferdie and Angie set out to find Fanny, with the help of Angie's mother-in-law Rosalina 'Rosie' Eucharistica (Dimple Kapadia), an unsavoury artist named Don Pedro Cleto Collaco (Pankaj Kapur) and Angie's childhood friend Savio Da Gama (Arjun Kapoor). Savio was in love with Angie and has only recently returned from Mumbai, after leaving when Angie got married to Gabo, who was his best friend.
On the journey, Ferdie throws Rosie's cat out of the window by accident whilst sneezing as he is allergic; so to keep her unaware, he retrieves the dead cat and pretends that it is sleeping. The group visit Fanny's old house and find a deranged Russian man Vladmir Olianov (Mihai Fusu), who eventually tells them that Fanny sold him the house 20 years ago and moved to Tivoli. During the trip, Ferdie tells Savio that Rosie's husband is not dead, but instead had run away to Madagascar with another woman, and Rosie had simply lied to the village for the sake of her pride. As they approach Tivoli, Ferdie thanks everyone for joining him on his journey – but unbeknownst to him, most of the other passengers have their own reasons for making the trip. Savio soon realizes that they have gone the wrong way, and are now in the state of Karnataka due to wrong navigation by Ferdie, who cannot read a map. When they run out of petrol, Ferdie volunteers to go and get some in the morning; so the group spend the night in the open field next to the road. Don Pedro tries to seduce Rosie into being a model for his painting, whilst Savio and Angie go away from the others to talk. Savio tells Angie that he does not have a big business in Mumbai as presumed, but rather he was a waiter for 5 years and is not wealthy. It is revealed that Angie only married Gabo because Savio never asked her, and she was in love with Savio as he was with her. He kisses her and she slaps him. They eventually talk and after realizing that they both still have feelings for each other, have sex that night.
In the morning, Ferdie goes to get petrol and comes back to find Rosie posing in the field for Don Pedro. and Angie and Savio busy talking. The artist has now dropped his charming attitude of suave sophistication and is mistreating Rosie. When she sees the painting, she is devastated to find that it is a nude unflattering portrait of her. Don Pedro walks off with the painting and finds the can of petrol that Ferdie has left, along with a letter explaining that he is going on alone and thanking them for coming this far with him. The rest of them start to leave but Rosie refuses to go, saying that they can't leave Ferdie. She gets extremely upset and begins to yell at Savio, telling him that he should have died instead of Gabo, and that Gabo only married Angie because Savio was in love with her. Savio angrily tells Rosie that she is selfish and reveals that her cat is actually dead, but she hadn't even noticed, leaving everyone else to look after it. They bury the cat and set off home. On the way, Rosie accidentally opens the glove compartment in the car and finds Savio's father's revolver. She puts it to her head, intending to shoot herself. When no one notices, she coughs and Savio sees his dad's revolver, which is an antique and worth a lot of money. He begins to wrestle with Rosie for the gun whilst driving, causing it to go off and Don Pedro gets shot in the head, without anyone noticing. They turn the car around and go to look for Ferdie; finding him by the road side waiting for the bus, but can't pick him up as the car brakes fail. The back door of the car opens and when the car veers close to the cliff edge, Don Pedro's body falls out. The car eventually comes to a stop and Angie notices that Don Pedro has gone. Rosie says that he jumped out of the car to save himself, but Ferdie sees someone who he thinks is Don Pedro on a passing bus, while in fact, his body is in the bottom of the sea.
The group then carry on to Tivoli to find Fanny. They get to the village and see a funeral procession go past. Ferdie sees a woman that he thinks is Fanny, only to discover that she is Fanny's daughter (Anjali Patil) and the funeral procession is for Fanny. Ferdie is told by the daughter that Fanny was married four times and never even mentioned his name to her daughter, implying that he wasn't important to her. They go to the funeral and Angie muses that you can't wait for love, you must go out and find it.
Six months later, there is a wedding in the church. The couple is presumed to be between Savio and Angie, but is in fact Ferdie and Rosie. The happy couple drives away into the sunset, leaving behind Angie and Savio kissing near the church as they leave.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gulrez "Gullu" Qadir (Parineeti Chopra) lives in a lower-middle class Hyderabadi mohalla and works at a mall as a shoe-sales girl with dreams of going to America. She lives along with her father Abdul Qadir (Anupam Kher) who is looking for a suitable match for her but can't afford to pay big dowry, which will only get her some uncouth crude fellow. This doesn't make Gullu lose her optimism and humour. In her quest to find her Mr. Universe, she falls in love with Amjad (Karan Wahi) and they decide to get married. Things do not work out as Amjad's parents ask for Rs. 80 lakhs in dowry. Enraged, Gullu plans to trap a dowry-hungry groom under IPC 498A (dowry act) and to recover lacs of money from him to fulfill her dream of going to America.
She and her father go to Lucknow with fake identities and comes up against "Big Boss Haidari Kebab," Tariq also known as "Taru" Haider (Aditya Roy Kapur). They choose Tariq as their target and when Tariq's parents ask for dowry from Gullu's father, she secretly records the entire conversation. During the three days before the wedding Taru and Gullu get to know each other and Gullu starts falling for Taru. To her surprise Taru gives her Rs. 40 lakhs in cash from his own savings, which his father asked for dowry. This way, Taru's father can maintain his conventions. And when Gullu's father gives Taru's father the 40 lakhs, it will not have been a real dowry.
Gullu still sticks with her plan of drugging Taru on their wedding night and runs away with all the cash — also recovering 40 lakhs more from Taru's family via a police officer, blackmailing him to file charges under section 498A. Taru decides to take revenge as he finds out the real identity of Gullu. Meanwhile, Gullu and her father start preparing to leave for America. Gullu feels remorseful and guilty about scamming an honest person and decides to return all the money. When they reach the railway station to board a train to Lucknow, Gullu is confronted by Taru. Gullu returns all the money and confesses her love for him. They reunite and plan a real wedding without any dowry. Meanwhile, Amjad realises his mistake and confronts his parents for demanding a dowry.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dr. Mrinalini 'Mili' Chakravarti (Sonam Kapoor) is a physiotherapist who works for the IPL. Her mother Manju (Kirron Kher) hopes that she will find a man someday, stating that it will be even better if he belongs to royalty. As fate would have it, her services are called for by a royal family whose king's legs are failing him.
Mili travels to the Sambhalgarh palace and meets the rigid queen, Nirmala Devi Rathore (Ratna Pathak), who is not amused by Mili's enthusiasm and clumsiness. Mili finds that her casual way of living does not appeal to the royal family whose strict disciplinary rules demand otherwise. She meets Yuvraj Vikram Singh Rathore (Fawad Khan), the prince, whose distant personality makes him similar to his parents. Mili also discovers that Divya, the youngest child of the family, has an interest in acting and is planning to run away from home. Mili befriends Divya and tries to convince her to not run away.
The king keeps avoiding his exercise and this troubles Mili because she is determined to cure him, so she turns to Vikram for help. He gives Mili the same answer that the queen gave her, "if she cannot handle the job, she may leave". Mili gets furious and accuses the royal family of being stubborn, rigid and self-centered. Vikram reconsiders, but the king refuses. Just when Mili is deciding to leave, she learns the reason for the king's unwillingness to be cured from the royal servant Ram Sevak. Ten years ago, Ambar, the family's eldest son, died in a car crash. The king had gifted a sports convertible to him and the two went for a ride. Ambar lost control of the car due to over-speeding and died, and the King's legs became disabled and he went into a coma for six months. Since then, the queen changed. The Palace used to be fun and everyone would throw parties and laugh but after the accident, everybody changed.
Mili shames the king into getting over his guilt and forces him to perform his exercises. Mili tries to befriend the king by making him tell her about wine and play video games; she speaks to the king about the 10 year old accident with Ambar and persuades him to exercise. Once the king persuades the prince to take Mili with him to Surajgarh Palace. After that, the prince leaves Mili in the market and goes to a meeting. Mili gets kidnapped, and when Vikram saves her, they both kiss.
The next day, they both decide to forget about it but the two start falling for each other. Mili confesses her love for him but Vikram refuses to acknowledge it, saying that they come from two different stocks. He is also engaged to a lady of his status Kiara (Aditi Rao Hydari). Divya runs away to try out for auditions in Jaipur. Mili informs the queen that she knew about Divya's plans. The queen becomes furious and Mili is ordered to leave. Divya returns and tells Nirmala that she came back because of Mili. The king surprises Nirmala by standing up from his wheelchair and admits that he saw Divya run away. He tells her that this is what Mili has been trying to teach them; to love life as it is. Mili, however, is heartbroken due to Vikram's refusal. Vikram breaks off his engagement with Kiara and confesses his love for Mili and the royal couple gives him their blessings, telling him to go find her in Delhi. Vikram finds her house and finds out that Mili is gone for therapy. He goes to the place where she is being treated. Vikram is shocked to see the place. It is actually a paintball arena. Mili agrees to his proposal. She does shoot paintballs on Vikram. Vikram wins Mili's mother's approval by proposing to Mili in her style, and hence, as the wife of Vikram Singh Rathore, Mili is given the title of The Royal Misfit.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts with few students visiting a haunted place called "Rudra Mills", where they are stopped by Sunny to go further into the premises. Sunny then narrates his story to them. He tells them that his wife Sarah used to do programs on haunted places and while once she was unable to find her Bhagwad Gita, she unwillingly had to leave for her show without it. At around midnight Sunny woke up to see Sarah crying, on being asked what happened, Sarah says sorry and vanishes away. Shortly after, Sunny receives a call about the death of Sarah, who was found hanging on the walls of Rudra Mills.
Some time later, Sunny proposes a show to his producer to record paranormal activities in order to prove the existence of ghosts and spirits. The producer approves of the program while Sunny chooses Rudra Mills as the site for the first show. Raj and Cyrus accompany him. They both set cameras and find paranormal activity. At 3 a.m. Cyrus is possessed by the demonic spirit of Rudra Pratap Singh, he eventually kills Sunny and Raj. Story is conducted by Sunny telling the story to college students. Finally the fact that Sunny was also dead while fighting against the evil spirit of Rudra Pratap Singh is unveiled and his spirit was narrating the story to the students.
He eventually tells them to leave and reunites with his wife. The students are left in awe. Paranormal activities really do exist.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot revolves around Neha Malini (Soha), who is an Non-resident Indian returning to India in order to start a school in a village in north Bihar. Starting off optimistic and happy about her endeavor, she is unaware of the hardships, obstructions and risks awaiting her in this small, serene village.
She is pleased after meeting three boys Awadhesh, Hari and Gorakh but soon finds out that it is the beginning of a nightmare. Being hardcore criminals, these three boys become the center of her activities. After seeing this, she vows to stop the criminal and sexual exploitation of the children in the village. Her meeting with Janaki (Seema Biswas) – the mother of one of the boys, Awadhesh – helps her understand the deeply embedded political-criminal nexus that pervades the system. Neha is resolute to free the three of them from this world of crime.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Meinu Ek Ladki Chaahiye is a comical satirical Hindi movie starring Raghubir Yadav, Puru Chibber, Reecha Sinha, Zakir Hussain, Yatin Karyekar & Rashee Bindal. Govind (Raghubir Yadav) & his assistant Shishupal (Puru Chibber) get their first legal case of firoz( irfan razaa khan) after a lot of difficulties even though Govind’s father is a renowned lawyer. Govind, a jovial person does everything that he can to save the accused. It’s during the investigation that Govind and Shishupul come across some startling incidents. The case is of a serious nature but these two solve it in a very comical and hilarious way. However this case turns Govind’s life upside down. Harassment by the police, getting locked up inside a jail, wife and daughter’s hatred resulting in strained relations with them...Govind endures a lot. Even after all this, Govind is determined to find out the truth. This movie touches upon several issues in the country however in an entertaining manner. Since its Govind’s first case, will he and his assistant manage to save the accused? And will the culprits be brought to the book? Meinu Ek Ladki Chaahiye will answer all these questions. .
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story of Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya is two central characters played by *Mika Singh and *Shaan. and the confusion they create because of their same name 'Balwinder Singh'. The movie revolves around the confusion created by the similar identity of the lead actors. The film shows their efforts to win the heart of the girl of their dreams, the female lead Anonymous and to acquire a multi-million estate without a known heir. The movie shows a comical plot where over 130 Balwinder Singhs land up as claimants to the estate.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens in UK where Colonel Viren Nanda (Jimmy Shergill) goes to meet a wanted terrorist Omar Zafar (Danny Denzongpa) in his holding cell. As Viren informs Zafar that he will be extradited back to India for his crimes, Zafar's men enter his holding cell, led by Hamid Gul (Jaaved Jaffrey), killing all guards around them, with Zaffar then killing Viren by shooting him and then burning him. As Zaffar escapes in a helicopter waiting on the roof, he puts a $5 million reward for someone to steal the Koh-i-Noor diamond from the Tower of London, but with one condition – the thief must be Indian, to hold up a new extradition treaty between India and UK. Soon after, a man named Rajveer Nanda (Hrithik Roshan) steals it, and when Zaffar's men are informed of the theft, they travel to Rajveer for the deal. Although they initially travel with the $5 million reward, Rajveer informs them that he now wants $20 million for the deal. Following the disdain of the comment made by Rajveer, a fight breaks out between Rajveer and Zaffar's men after which Rajveer flies away. After Rajveer escapes, a CCTV footage of him is captured, showing that he is in Shimla. Following Rajveer's escape, he sees Harleen (Katrina Kaif) sitting in a restaurant, who is there waiting for her internet date, "Vickie", to show up. Rajveer enters the restaurant posing as "Vickie" and woos her over. He convinces Harleen to use the bathroom and while she is in there, Rajveer fights the remaining men and leaves the restaurant, much to the dismay of Harleen. As she drives home, Harleen accidentally runs over Rajveer, who asks her to stitch up a gunshot wound sustained during the fight. Rajveer then gives Harleen drugged water, with her complying with what he says about the government officials, informing her about where to find guns underneath car seats and what they will say about him.
The next day, the government officials with Zorawar (Pawan Malhotra) visit Harleen at her bank and threaten her to come with them. They tell her that if she does not accompany them, then they will reveal everything to her colleagues. Harleen decides to go with them to the police station. In the car, Zorawar tells her that they are not going to the station but they are taking her to a safe place instead. Harleen remembers about the gun that Rajveer had told her of. She engages the other official in small talk and finds the gun. She threatens both the officers to stop the car and let her go. At the same time, Rajveer appears on a bike and a chase sequence ensues. Both Rajveer and Harleen find a car and escape. When Rajveer goes out to shoot the goons, Harleen escapes and then bumps into her boss, Karan. She tells him about Rajveer and how random people are firing at her. Rajveer follows her. Karan tries to protect Harleen from Rajveer. He annoys Rajveer and gets shot by him in the leg. Harleen is exasperated but leaves with Rajveer again lest he shoots any more people.
In the car, Harleen and Rajveer get into an argument. Harleen states that she wants to go home and that she did a huge mistake by trusting him. Rajveer angrily decides to let Harleen go and hands over the car keys to her. He tells her that he has no other motive than protecting her. She feels guilty and decides to stick to him. They begin to drive again in silence. Rajveer checks a location on his phone which Harleen notices. He then tells her that he has not killed an innocent person before this and does not want her to die. He tries to convince her to come with him for dinner.
They go to Pizza Hut where Rajveer realises that he has no money to buy food. They get into an argument about it. He teases Harleen about her internet dating and she slaps him. He threatens to shoot the server (Aditya Prakash) and she eventually pays for the pizza. Harleen asks him about the crime that he has committed and Rajveer shows her the Koh-i-Noor much to her surprise. She has a hard time believing that he is indeed a thief. As she comes to know about Rajveer, they realise that they were followed by Zorawar who says he has the restaurant surrounded with his men and will not be afraid to shoot Rajveer if needed to. As the officials convince Harleen to go with them, Rajveer tells Harleen that he cannot let her go with them. He shoots her with a tranquiliser dart and they both jump out of a window and escape.
Harleen slips in and out of consciousness as Rajveer continues to take her to safety. She wakes up in a beach shack wearing a bikini top and hot pants. She angrily asks Rajveer as to who changed her clothes and he confesses that he did it. She is irked beyond words. She beats him and bites his hand. Harleen then takes Rajveer's phone to call her grandmother, unbeknownst to her it allows the Government officials to track their position. After a shootout occurs between Rajveer and the Government officials, he escapes with Harleen with a help of a sea bob and a fly board.
Harleen wakes up the next morning in Prague. As Rajveer was able to successfully lead the escape of them both, Harleen now entrusts Rajveer, subsequently falling in love with him. When Rajveer goes out of his hotel with Harleen, he sees that they are wanted by Interpol. Some policemen come at the moment and Rajveer and Harleen share a passionate kiss. Rajveer tracks Hamid Gul at a casino. Although he was to go alone, Harleen insists to take her along, to which he agrees. Staging a ploy for Gul's attention, Harleen and Gul meet in the hallway, who tells her that a romantic candlelit champagne drink is waiting for her on the roof of the casino. Following this, Rajveer visits Gul at the top of the casino, a fight ensues regarding the whereabouts of Zaffar and he ultimately kills Gul. In the meantime, Harleen is caught by Zorawar and is taken to the Indian Embassy in Prague, where Zorawar says that Rajveer actually came to Prague to find Gul. Harleen is asked to get the Koh-i-Noor back. That night, the two meet on a bridge, where Harleen says that the trust between them is broken. Rajveer activates the tracking device himself, allowing the officials to surround them. Rajveer gives the Koh-i-Noor to Harleen and jumps from the bridge and is assumed dead.
Harleen then returns home and remembers an address that Rajveer had listed on his phone. At the address, Harleen meets Rajveer's father (Kanwaljit Singh) and his mother (Deepti Naval). At the house, Harleen sees photos of Rajveer (Jai) and Viren, who are later revealed to be brothers and Rajveer's mother revealing their back stories. Although it is confirmed that Viren was murdered, Rajveer's father says that he does not believe the story the Army told him, saying that Rajveer had drowned despite being a swimming champion in his youth, he was the only student who was able to cross the lake in only one breath. On her way home, Harleen is kidnapped by Zaffar, who knows that the diamond was a fake. Zorawar is then revealed to be Zaffar's right-hand man, and gives Harleen a truth-revealing drug to reveal the location of the real diamond. Harleen tells that Rajveer would have survived and is coming to kill Zaffar. Rajveer, silently kills every guard posted outside and places time bombs in every corner and enters the room. Zaffar then orders his men to beat Rajveer but before Zaffar is able to kill him Rajveer informs that the Koh-i-Noor was not stolen at all and it was a joint operation between MI6 and the Indian Secret Service to get Zaffar. The time bombs go off and destroys the castle. But Zaffar manages to escape and captures Harleen again,after making Rajveer crash. As they escape with her, Rajveer follows them with a F1 car and catches up to them. Zaffar enters a flight with Harleen. Killing the rest of Zaffar's men including Zorawar, Rajveer shoots at the flight blades evidently grounding the plane. Rajveer soon boards the plane and a final bout takes place between him and Zafar. After throwing him to the flames, Rajveer frees Harleen. When they are escaping from the aircraft, Zaffar emerges from the flames again and shoots Rajveer. Rajveer pushes Harleen out of the aircraft and a second bullet hits him. He then grabs the axe and charges towards Zaffar and kills him. When the aircraft is about to explode, he jumps out.
He loses consciousness and is about to drown when Harleen grabs his hand. The authorities air lift an injured and unconscious Rajveer and Harleen.
Rajveer then wakes up in hospital, where his boss Narayan (Vikram Gokhale) is sitting across him waiting for him to wake up. He congratulates Rajveer for successfully completing the mission. He rues about the fact that his brother was murdered and that his parents will never get to see him again. Also, he informs Rajveer that Harleen has been sent back to her home and he has to forget about her because she can become a threat to his life and also his weakness. Rajveer is also told that he will be shifted to a safe facility the next day. After the chief leaves, a nurse arrives and gives Rajveer a medicine to drink. As soon as Rajveer gulps down the medicine, he feels giddy and asks the nurse about it. The nurse turns around and removes her mask revealing that she is actually Harleen and the medicine was a sedative meant to knock Rajveer out. A surprised Rajveer tries to say her name but Harleen asks him to keep quiet. Rajveer faints and Harleen escapes from the hospital along with him. He continues to slip in and out of consciousness until the next morning. He wakes up and Harleen tells him that his one-day has arrived. Rajveer realises that she has brought him to his house. He silently thanks her, and they both meet his parents.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 1995, during the insurgency in Kashmir, Hilaal Meer (Narendra Jha), a doctor, agrees to perform an appendectomy on the leader of a pro-separatist militant group. To avoid detection, he performs the surgery at his house, much to the chagrin of his wife Ghazala (Tabu), who questions his allegiance. The following day, during a military raid, Hilaal is accused of harbouring terrorists. A shootout ensues at his home, during which the leader of the separatist group is killed and Hilaal is taken away for questioning. The doctor's house is bombed subsequently to kill any other militant hiding inside. Several days later, Hilaal and Ghazala's son, Haider (Shahid Kapoor), returns from his Aligarh Muslim University to seek answers about his father's disappearance. Upon arrival, he is shocked to find his mother singing and laughing along with her brother-in-law, Khurram (Kay Kay Menon). Unable to understand his mother's behaviour, he begins searching for his father in various police stations and detention camps with the help of his childhood sweetheart Arshi (Shraddha Kapoor), a journalist.
Saddened by the growing closeness between Ghazala and Khurram, and unable to find any leads, Haider begins to lose hope. However, Arshi encounters a stranger, Roohdar, who asks her to inform Haider that he will be able to provide information about Hilaal. Haider contacts Roohdar (Irrfan), who turns out to be part of a separatist group. Roohdar then narrates the story of how he met Hilaal in one of the detention centers, where they both were tortured. Hilaal attributes his imprisonment to his brother, Khurram. Roohdaar then tells the story of how Haider's father was brutally murdered by Khurram's made up terrorist group and how he survived after being shot and thrown into the river, which stopped his bleeding and allowed him to escape. Roohdaar then tells Haider that he simply wanted to pass on his father's message to him: revenge for Khurram's betrayal. Thereafter, angry and swearing to avenge the injustice done to his father, Haider breaks down at his father's gravesite and becomes mentally and emotionally shattered. He starts to suffer from the effects of post-traumatic stress disorder, shaving his head and behaving strangely. Khurram, after learning of the meeting between Haider and Roohdar, tells him that Roohdar was the one who killed his father. Haider is now confused as to whom to believe despite knowing the truth himself, and discloses his dilemma to Arshi, adding that Roohdar gave him a gun to kill his uncle. Arshi confides this to her father who informs Khurram about the gun. Khurram immediately orders his men to send Haider to a mental institution.
The following morning, Haider is all set to kill his uncle but cannot accomplish it because his uncle is offering prayers and his morals prevent it. Haider is captured by Arshia's father who orders him to be executed, but Haider manages to escape, although not before mercilessly killing his captors. He contacts Roohdar, who suggests getting trained in Pakistan to avenge his father's death, and Haider agrees. He calls his mother and informs her about it to which she asks him to meet her once before going to the other side of border. During the meeting, Ghazala discloses that she had told Khurram about the terrorists hiding in their house not knowing that he was an informer of the Indian army. Arshi's father traces them and is about to shoot Haider when Haider shoots him dead and escapes.
Tormented by her father's death at the hands of Haider, Arshia is emotionally traumatized and commits suicide. Meanwhile, Ghazala finds Roohdar's contact number from Arshia's diary and calls him. Haider goes to his pickup point, the graveyard where his father was buried. At the graveyard, Haider contemplates about the universal nature of mortality. On seeing Arshia's brother Liyaqat in the graveyard, he realises that the corpse is of Arshia. He runs towards her body where her brother sees him and informs Khurram. A fight ensues between Haider and Arshi's brother, resulting in the latter's death. Khurram arrives with full force and a gunfight ensues; meanwhile Roohdar drops Ghazala at the graveyard. A fierce exchange of bullets and bombs leaves only Haider and few men on Khurram's side alive. Just when Khurram is about to kill Haider, Ghazala pleads for a chance to convince Haider to surrender. She confronts her son who says that he cannot die before avenging his father's death. Ghazala tells him that revenge only results in revenge and there is no end to this cycle, but Haider, who is bent on revenge, does not understand. Ghazala kisses Haider goodbye and steps outside, only to reveal that she is wearing a suicide vest (given to her by Roohdar). Khurram and Haider rush towards her but she pulls the pins of the hand grenade resulting in a big explosion, killing herself along with the rest of Khurram's men and gravely injuring Khurram himself, while Haider is only slightly thrown back from the force of the explosion. Haider goes to his mother's remains, weeps by her side and goes to kill Khurram, whose legs have been severed from his body.
He is reminded of his mother's words that "revenge only results in revenge" and thus decides to let Khurram live. Khurram begs Haider to kill him to free him from the burden of guilt and to avenge his father's death, but Haider doesn't oblige Khurram, instead ignores him and leaves.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Inspired from true events, Jigariyaa tells the story of Shyamlal Gupta (Shaamu) and Radhika Sharma (Raadha). Shaamu, the only son of halwaai Ramlal Gupta is a happy go lucky boy based in Agra. He spends his days writing sheyr-o-shayari admired by his motley group of good-for-nothing friends. Radhika, the only daughter of Pandit Shankar Dayal Sharma is a well-educated and caring girl who helps her father in his endeavours as a social do gooder and a man of high reputation in Mathura. Shaamu falls in love with Raadha at first sight, who is visiting her Nani’s house in Agra, thus begins his quest to find this elusive girl in the streets of Agra. As they grow fond and close to each other, the destiny takes another turn and the two lovers break apart.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Two sons set out to get their father what he dreamt of all through his life –the ultimate sign of respect. High on thrill and laughter, this film takes the audience through the unbelievable attempt of Shekhar and Subhash Joshi to provide their father an Ekkees Toppon Ki Salaami (21 gun salute). Purushotam Joshi is a common man who fails to earn his bit of appreciation despite being completely honest during his lifelong service as a government employee. Joshi’s sons are however willing to go the extra mile to get their father his only wish. But will they succeed in their endeavour?
-----------------------------------------------------------
An escaped criminal (Nikhil Dwivedi) becomes smitten with bold, beautiful and foul-mouthed companion (Richa Chadda).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in the cable internet turf war of Mumbai, Sonali Cable is the story of a ghetto girl Sonali (Rhea Chakraborthy) and her ‘internet boys’, including her brother Sadda who are working in their own internet cable wire shop.One day when a new police station starts in their region Sonali reaches there for giving connection. There she meets her old school boy friend, now graduated from USA,Raghu (Ali Fazal) who remembers her name, and even her roll number 43 while they were studying in school.They fall in love. During that time Sonali faces problem because of a big industrial company "Shining" starts providing broadband services. During Ganapati festival Sonali and Raghu consummate their love. On the same night Sadda, Sonali's brother gets hit by some local goons trying to vandalize their shop. Sadda succumbs to his injuries. Sonali gets determined to take revenge on the company.
Sonali Cable is like a 'David versus Goliath' story, in the thick of the cable internet turf war in Mumbai. At last Sonali wins the war by spying on the corruptions of the people who worked against her. Later Sonali starts an internet cable shop in the name of her brother Sadda. Raghu joins her in the shop and in her life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Chandramohan Manohar Sharma, better known as Charlie (Shah Rukh Khan), is a street fighter who has been yearning for revenge from Charan Grover (Jackie Shroff) for 8 years. Grover, with his rich and despicable mind, labeled Charlie's father, Manohar Sharma (Anupam Kher) as a thief because Charan had conned him into stealing his own Diamonds (he stole his own diamonds and framed Sharma for stealing them) priced at INR 100 crore ($15 million). Charlie finds out through the media that diamonds worth $300 crore will reach the Atlantis Hotel on Christmas Eve. He wants to steal the same diamonds and frame Grover. To accomplish this, he must assemble a dynamic team.
First in his team is Former Army Bomb Squad Captain Jagmohan Prakash, or Jag (Sonu Sood) who has a hearing deficiency which happened when he failed to defuse a bomb; he gets furious when someone insults his mother. Second on his team is Tehmton Irani, or Tammy, (Boman Irani) who is an overweight jogger and suffers from epileptic fits. It is also revealed that Tammy and Manohar were best friends. Third on the team is Rohan Singh (Vivaan Shah), a young hacker who Charlie believes can hack into Shalimar's computerized system. He is also Jag's nephew. After thoroughly researching about the vault, the team finds the main vault comprises a biometric lock (fingerprint lock). The problem is that only one person can access the vault at any time: Vicky Grover (Abhishek Bachchan), Charan's son. So they enlist the aid of a lookalike, Nandu Bhide (Abhishek Bachchan). Charlie describe his team as ek full time bewda (Nandu), ek sanki jadeya (Tammy), ek bhari banduk sipahi (Jag), ek badmaash bachcha (Rohan).
The team heads to a warehouse which was originally their workshop for a rehearsal. It is revealed that Tammy was immensely in love with the Shalimar vault and he is the only one to open the vault without the combination. The real Shalimar vault has a laser shield in front of the vault whose code combination is changed everyday. The team finds out a weakness that the Shalimar safe is in the Altantis hotel underground which is connected through an air duct system which is further connected to room 9C, a lounge room in Atlantis. Charlie then explains a problem, being that room 9C is booked for a team participating in the World Dance Championship (WDC), a dancing competition. The group refuses, but Charlie re-motivates the group, convincing them to become a dance team.
The real story is eventually revealed: Manohar was an engineer in vaults. He met Charan Grover, who was a dealer in African diamonds, gave him a contract to build an impenetrable vault. After the vault was completed, Charan drugged Manohar and conned him into stealing the diamonds by using his fingerprint. Desperate to win the competition, they employ many dance teachers, but to no avail. In desperation, Nandu introduces Charlie to Mohini Joshi (Deepika Padukone), who is a Marathi bar dancer. Although reluctant at first, Mohini decides to help them learn to dance, not knowing their true intentions. During this time, Charlie and Mohini grow very close.
They manage to qualify in the first round (by blackmailing the judges with evidence of their secret homosexual relationship) and eventually win the competition to represent Team India in the WDC (by having Rohan hack the machine that tallies the votes). Many people (including and especially Indians) despise them for their lack of dancing skill, but Charlie and his team (excluding the oblivious Mohini) are all only concerned with the heist.
In Dubai, the other competitors are especially hostile towards Team India, including Grover as he considers India a team of losers. During the first round, they are pitted against Team Korea, Charlie even fought with the Team Korea's captain at a very dangerous place. At the semi final, their performance is halted when Charlie saves a falling child of the rival, instantly gaining respect and admiration from the audience the world over as well as the other teams (including the grateful Team Korea). After going over the plan, everything is ready. The team eventually find out that the diamonds will arrive on New Year's Eve instead of Christmas which impedes the heist. Though Team Korea secure the last position in the semifinals, the judges, moved by Charlie's saving of Korea's dancer and their spirit, decide that Team India will compete in the finals as a Wild Card addition. Over the course of the weeks leading up to the finals, the members of Team India become beloved celebrities in the eyes of the public.
Mohini ends up hearing the whole story as to why they wanted revenge, angrily confronting Charlie and his false motivations of the competition. Charlie reveals a shocking secret that Manohar is not in jail but is actually dead. After Manohar was arrested, he appealed for a trial, but Grover bribed Manohar's lawyers and tampered with the evidence. The next day, it was shown that Manohar committed suicide by slitting his wrists with a razor. Charlie kept this a secret from the other members in order to keep from demoralising them. However, the team confides that this only makes their determination to avenge Manohar even stronger. Mohini reluctantly joins the team and helps them for the heist.
The night of the final round, the heist is set in motion. Mohini lures Vicky into an elevator, allowing a disguised Nandu and Jag to sedate him temporarily while Nandu takes his place. For the thumb print, Jag paints POP on his thumb, removes it and places it on Nandu's thumb matching the print. While Tammy cracks the vault combination, he suffers an epileptic fit, however they open in time. Everything seems to go very well until Charlie and Tammy find another safe inside made of glass which houses the diamonds and Vicky wakes up. Tammy realizes that Manohar built this safe and that the password should be known by Charlie. After a session of deep thinking, Charlie enters in the password (the password being "CHARLIE") Once successfully stealing the diamonds (and covering all of their tracks), the team boards a nearby boat, but Mohini refuses to come as she feels dedicated to protecting India's honor with the competition. Rohan eventually resolves to join her as well, leading to a fight amongst the remaining members over what they should do next.
Grover is horrified to find the diamonds stolen (with "Vicky's" opening of the door to the safe's room incriminating both him and Grover), but he soon pinpoints Team India as the thieves. When Team India is found missing, Grover claims that they must have left with the diamonds. As he watches Mohini perform, Jag, Tammy, Nandu and Rohan join in. During their performance, Charlie makes his unannounced appearance and eventually helps the team win the competition.
With any and all suspicions removed from the members of Team India, Charan and Vicky Grover are arrested, Charlie revealing himself as Manohar's son just as they are both dragged out of the hotel by police. Team India reach the airport and manage to bypass security. Charlie had camouflaged the diamonds as ice cubes in his cool drink, but the security guard disposes it. Later, during the flight Charlie reveals that he switched the fake diamonds on the trophy with the real diamonds in the drink. The film ends, with an epilogue, where Mohini opens a dance school in the end ("Mohini School of Dance") and Charlie proposes to her with a ring made of one of the diamonds.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins with a guy called Mann (Sharman Joshi) video interviewing some people for a job. He gives them the job description and they ask how much the salary is. He replies saying nothing which leaves them all shocked. They question him and he says there are many people who do this job for nothing in this world, our mothers. They all praise their mothers and agree that mothers are the ones who do this job and that too for free.
He goes home to a proud mother who begins telling him about his grandmother, her mother, Bharti (Rekha) who does nothing but work and look after the family. The story moves on to Mumbai where Bharti is singing and living a happy life with her family. Turns out that she is just dreaming and that her family treat her like a maid, they give her no importance and mock her ways. The maid is the only one in the house who appreciates and sees what this mother does. She prays to god asking him to do right by her as she always thinks good for her family.
Mann reaches Mumbai and is on the streets taking part in a celebration. He arrives at his grandmothers. He wears a mask and knocks on the door, the maid opens the door and he chases her. Bharti comes out and immediately remembers his childhood when he would chase the maid wearing a similar mask. He goes to the temple with her and sees a girl dancing called Riya, who he befriends. Soon he sees the way the rest of the family treat her and decides to bring a change. He takes the help of Riya and gets Bharti dressed up in many different ways and clicks pictures of each pose. He shows these photos to the family who are shocked and angry. They ask him to leave and return to America and scold Bharti.
Mann has arranged for a professional (Anupam Kher) to come and interview Bharti for acting and modelling. Her husband refuses and stops her. The professional happens to know her from childhood and with the help of Aman explains to her that she needs to make her place in this house. Her husband (Randhir Kapoor) attempts to snatch and rip the contract papers, but she stops him and agrees to the modelling.
She starts her modelling and the family becomes lost. They argue as they cannot handle the household chores as well as the responsibility of each other. Mann pays the maid to leave until Bharti returns so that the family realise her worth.
They transform her into a modern woman and send her home. The family is amazed to see her dressed modernly and receiving calls from important people. She receives a call from Dubai and is offered a job. She takes this opportunity and takes Mann with her. She knows Mann likes Riya and brings her along too. They admit to have feelings towards each other and spend some time together in Dubai.
Bharti returns and is quite wealthy after many jobs. Her son Suketu wants to borrow money from her, so, he goes to butter her up. She gives him 1 crore and asks him to sign a contract that he will return it in that amount of days. He loses the money and is rude to his mother. She files a complaint and sends him to jail to teach him a lesson. Whilst in jail, he realises how much he has wronged his mother. She comes and takes the complaint back. Suketu apologises and admits to his mistakes.
Suketu's wife Astha is given a role in a movie, but after many attempts, she is not able to act properly. The director is rude to her and at that time Bharti arrives. She tells the director off for speaking rudely to a woman and asks for time to speak to her; otherwise, she will pay for the shooting time wasted. Mann and Bharti are able to talk her into trying to act the scene out again. She completes the scene perfectly and the director falls at her feet in happiness as they have finally completed a scene without any problems.
Astha realises her mistakes and apologises to Bharti for treating her wrong. She asks if she can touch her feet as the first and last time she did that was years ago when she first came into the house as a bride. Her daughter Gargi comes down and tells the family that she is moving out to live with her boyfriend Sameer. She tells them that they will have a live-in relationship, as he is not divorced yet and they are holding a party to celebrate. The family attends the party and whilst dancing, Gargi faints.
Mann had drugged Gargi's drink which made her collapse. He arranged a studio to look like a hospital. Anupam Kher dresses up as a doctor and informs the family that Gargi needs a kidney transplant. He tests everyone for a match and tells them that Sameer's is a match. Sameer is taken away by Mann and the doctor and he asks about the changes that the transplant will make to his life. They scare him and he refuses to give the kidney. He breaks their relationship and goes. Bharti slaps Sameer and explains to Gargi that if he couldn't look after his family how would he look after her.
The doctor, Mann and Bharti tell the family that this was an act to show Sameer's true colours and that Gargi is now safe.
Mann tells Riya that his mother has fixed his relationship and she is angry. She asks what about her. He tells her that if she doesn't attend his wedding who will he marry. Bharti receives an award and asks her husband to attend the celebration. He refuses and accuses her of wanting to show him down. Mann sees this and shouts at his grandfather for treating Bharti wrong. Gargi apologises to her mother and gifts her a saree to wear at the celebration.
At the award ceremony Bharti thanks Mann for changing her life for the better. She sees her husband at the back of the room and calls him on to stage to receive the award with her. He delivers a speech on how women respect their husbands even though they sometimes treat her badly. He tells her that he has realised his mistakes and he asks for forgiveness. He blames himself as the children saw him disrespecting Bharti and followed him.
Mann prepares to leave. The family gather to send him off and Bharti tells them that Riya will take him to the airport. Bharti's husband tells her he loves her very much and the movie ends with a family picture and a song.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A Decent Arrangement is the story of Ashok Khosla (Adam Laupus), an Indian-American copywriter who journeys to India seeking an arranged marriage. After he encounters an American woman travelling through India and is set up with an Indian woman who unexpectedly captivates him, Ashok must navigate the complexity of cultural traditions and the leanings of his own heart. With sharp comedy and true-to-life drama, A Decent Arrangement delivers an affecting story that resonates with those of us in search of our place in a changing world.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie revolves around three old men, Lalwani (alias Lali, played by Anupam Kher) is not happy with his wife (Rati Agnihotri), who is a staunch believer of God and doesn't spend time with him. Kamaldheer Sharma alias KD (Annu Kapoor) and is a bachelor for some unknown reason, while Pinky (Piyush Mishra) is secretly in love with a young Chinese woman, who only knows English but himself being uneducated, is unable to express his feelings. The three men plan a holiday to Mauritius to have some fun, where they meet Ahana (Lisa Haydon), who is a social networking addict and gets annoyed because her rival girls have more Facebook likes and her ex-boyfriend had been commenting and liking their posts. The three men try to impress her by pretending to like her collections made from weird things like animal body parts, which although are stingy, they pretend to like them by still complimenting her. However, her Facebook obsession reaches heights and Ahana decides to commit suicide, but is interrupted when she sees her idol, Rajiv Bhatia alias Akshay Kumar (Akshay Kumar) shooting for a song. She tells the three men, how she's a huge fan of Akshay and wishes to meet him. The three men try to get her to meet Akshay, much to his disturbance . Meanwhile, Akshay is revealed to be secretly an alcoholic, who drinks Alcoholic beverages filled in coconut, so that it appears like he's drinking coconut water. He agrees to work with Ranjit Basu (Subrat Dutta), a filmmaker, who is well known for his films earning more than ₹300 crores, and working with him would make Akshay, a better competitor to other superstars. However, Basu tells him, that he's not able to get in the character. The frustration of not getting into the required character and drinking too much alcohol causes Akshay to burst out in front of public and media on Pinky, who tells that Ahana had promised sex if he gets her to meet Akshay. Akshay publicly humiliates three men and Ahana, by calling them perverts and slut shaming Ahana. But this however, backfires on him as he is a Public figure. Moreover, he realises his mistake when Lali's wife blames KD and Pinky for this. This time, Akshay visits just when three men are about to leave, and asks them to forgive him and meets Ahana to apologise her. It is revealed that KD remained a bachelor because he loved Lali's younger sister, who is a divorcee but KD didn't want this to ruin his friendship with Lali. Akshay tells Ahana that to rectify his mistake,he has kept a conference, and that he intends to correct their public image. He tells in the press conference that he is working in a film Alcoholic, and what he did earlier was a promotional strategy and Lali, KD and Pinky are his uncles and know him from past. He also tells that Ahana is the new heroine of the film called "Alcoholic". While, the three men happily leave back to India. But Akshay finds himself even more frustrated, when he isn't able to get a good shot from Ahana, although he somehow manages to shoot the title track.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film tells the story of six friends whose mountain trek goes awfully wrong. They encounter bizarre incidents during their mountain trek. These incidents are recorded in a video recorder. The story is presented as they discovered video recording left behind by characters who have died or gone missing.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tutu (Ali Zafar) and Dev (Ranveer Singh) are two orphans who were raised by a local gangster Bhaiyaji (Govinda) to be assassins. Their life takes a turn when they meet Disha (Parineeti Chopra) at a club and she and Dev fall in love with each other. Dev's indifference towards work starts irritating Bhaiyaji, but Tutu defends Dev. When Dev is unable to kill one of their targets, he decides to change his life. This enrages Bhaiyaji and he threatens to kill Dev. Tutu intervenes and suggests Dev to look out for a job but should accompany him every time Bhaiyaji calls them to give killing contracts.
Tutu gets Dev a fake MBA degree which helps Dev join an insurance company. Dev and Disha make plans to get married, while Disha is unaware of Dev's past. Bhaiyaji on learning the truth about Dev's job decides to play a trick to get him back. He sends one of his goons, Batuk, to kill Dev and also informs Tutu. He also calls up Disha and tells her about Dev and Tutu's real identity. Just when Batuk is about to kill Dev, Tutu shoots him down in front of Disha. Disha is shocked with the reality and breaks up with Dev, only to break down privately. This results in Dev again becoming an assassin.
Bhaiyaji gives them a fresh contract to kill his arch enemy Baban Pehlwan. Dev and Tutu record a video telling the tale of how they became gangsters and send it to Disha. During a shootout, Dev is again unable to fire the gun and gets shot. Tutu takes him to the hospital, where after an operation, Dev finds Disha waiting for him and they both reconcile. Bhaiyaji gets killed by Baban Pehlwan. Dev and Disha get married while Tutu has a job interview in the same insurance company with a fake MBA degree.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Writer Yudi (Saif Ali Khan) wrote a hit book five and a half years ago but he is still living life king-size in Los Angeles, enjoying fame and affairs, avoiding commitment, doing no work, partying with his miserably married friend Montu (Ranvir Shorey) or having conversations with his fat, bearded inner voice Yogi (also Saif). Suddenly, Yudi's money runs out and his publishers dump him for hit romance novelist Aanchal (Ileana D'Cruz), visiting from Mumbai.
The only work Yudi now gets is from Bollywood single-screen superstar Armaan (Govinda) who insists he copies Hollywood movies and writes a multiplex-style romedy (romance & comedy). Meanwhile, Yudi's dentist and once-girlfriend Vishakha (Kalki Koechlin) is pursuing him obsessively, even loading videos of him singing in the shower on her laptop, forcing Yudi and Montu to break into her home when she's away. On top of this, Yudi's got severe writer's block, stopping him from finishing any work.
Running away from it all, Yudi tries to charm Aanchal but she's commitment-averse too. However, she gradually warms up to him, escorting him to Armaan's party, trying to help Yudi write, even agreeing to take a road trip with him to her book reading in San Francisco. The duo has fun singing classic Bollywood numbers on the way until doziness overtakes them and their car skids. While they wait for the repair van, Yudi and Aanchal have a ball posing in provocative ways on the highway in search of lifts.
Eventually reaching San Francisco, the couple is forced to share a hotel room – and agreeing to keep it simple and commitment-free, they end up making love. Their relationship grows funnier – on Aanchal's last night in LA, they argue over dinner, Yudi throws her phone into a vase while she douses him with water – but neither expresses anything more than a sense of light fun. It's only when Yudi's ex Divya (Priety Zinta in a cameo), having argued with her husband and visiting Yudi with her kids, tells him he loves Aanchal that he admits it to himself.
Yudi then races Aanchal's taxi to the airport in a hilarious scene and tells her his feelings – but she says, thanks, let's just be friends. As she leaves, Yudi's sunk in depression – and then starts to write. Along the way, Vishakha gets engaged to a panic-stricken Yudi by falsely claiming she's pregnant – but then breaks it up, saying she doesn't want him to marry her out of pity.
Armaan, who has meanwhile got himself cosmetic surgery and six-pack abs in LA, is impressed with the 'kick-ass' script Yudi presents him. However, for the script's ending, Yudi goes to Mumbai and sees Aanchal where he tells her they can take it one day at a time – and perhaps live their whole lives together like that. Aanchal smiles and the Happy Ending begins.
-----------------------------------------------------------
4 friends Kalim (Angad Bedi), Gautam (Neil Bhoopalam), Maya (Kangana Ranaut) and Abhay (Randeep Hooda) delve into what seems to be their "first case" , having started a gang called the "Ungli" gang which fights against corruption. Their job is to bug corrupt people and teach them moral lessons quite unconventionally. They target a corrupt minister and become the most wanted people in Mumbai. Their case is the responsibility of ACP Ashok Kale (Sanjay Dutt), whose pal Nikhil Abhyankar (Emraan Hashmi) shortly joins the gang. But soon, after he faces trouble, Kaale is compelled to seek help from the gang when Nikhil helps him expose the gang's greatest target, B.R. Dayal (Mahesh Manjrekar) and his son Anshuman. Kaale instigates a sting operation against the Mumbai police and is successful in preventing his transfer. Kaale thanks the "Ungli" gang and he assures them that the city won't need an "Ungli" gang as long as the administrations are running properly in accordance to public demands.
-----------------------------------------------------------
ZID starts off with a flashback which has the film's protagonist Rohan Achrekar aka Ronnie(Karanvir Sharma), a crime reporter with 'The Daily'(a newspaper based in Goa), narrating an incident to his newspaper's editor Karan(Mohan Kapoor) and the area's DSP (Rajeev Saxena). He says that with the help of the editor, he found a rented house at his friend's outhouse located far away from the rest of Goan civilization. Even though the said place looks haunted, Ronnie still adjusts himself to the situation despite having a paralyzed owner, who is driven on a wheelchair throughout and who also happens to be the father of Maya (Mannara Chopra). For Maya, it is love at first sight when she sees Ronnie, who incidentally is recovering from a break-up with Priya (Shraddha Das), his girlfriend of many years and who is now settled in London. While Maya leaves no stone unturned to get Ronnie's attention, Ronnie seems to be still 'lost in love' about Priya.
Maya instantly falls in love with Ronnie and this love soon turns into an obsession. She calls her sister and reveals her feeling for him. She even enters Ronnie's room and picks a picture out of his photo-frame. He finds it missing, but does nothing. She spots a picture of her on his desktop (a random picture he had clicked during his ferry ride to the outhouse, before he had even met her) and assumes that he's in love with her.
Ronnie is not in love with her, but thinks she is strange and cute, so he plans a date-night at a nightclub. There he bumps into a girl named Nancy (Seerat Kapoor), who happens to be Priya's step sister. Maya's left with uncontrollable rage when sees him dancing with Nancy and they quickly leaves the bar. On their way back, he continues drinking while driving, their SUV meets with an accident when it collides with a scooter which was being driven by Nancy. Due to the impact, she falls off the road and rolls down a slope. Ronnie turns hysterical and is desperate to save the girl but he waits while Maya rushes to save the girl because she is a nurse.
The next morning, it's all over the news and the Goa cops are on the case. The girl is found dead and Ronnie panics because he could be identified in the case. Priya comes back to India from London to hunt for Nancy's killers. Inspector Moses(Denzil Smith) suspects that Priya killed Nancy since she was her step-sister so as to covet her money and wealth and Ronnie is her partner-in-crime.
In the meanwhile, Maya does everything wrong to protect and save Ronnie in this case. He tells his boss that his SUV is in the garage, but actually she dumps it in a lake so that no one can trace it ever. She even takes him to the spot and shows him the immersed SUV in the lake.
Investigations reveal that Nancy had a chance to live even after she was hit by the car, but in reality someone murdered her. Priya visits Ronnie at his outhouse and requests him to help her find the murderer. Soon, they warm up to each other again. Ronnie even refuses to join Maya at her dinner date giving an excuse saying that he has a lot of pending work in the office and may be late. Actually, he was avoiding Maya so that he could spend the night with Priya. Ronnie ignores Maya's repeated calls. She then telephonically finds out from Ronnie's office that he is not there but is with Priya. Maya visits Priya's place and finds Ronnie and Priya in compromising position. She seethes with rage and returns.
Maya's lunacy reaches new heights. The next day Ronnie's pet pup Bobby goes missing. he frantically searches for the pup everywhere and shockingly discovers that Maya had fed him to her pet alligator. Priya finds out that Ronnie was at the same bar and he even met Nancy the night she was killed. She feels cheated and betrayed. Priya lands up at the outhouse and starts accusing Maya for everything – including Nancy's murder. They get into a brawl. Maya calls Ronnie for help. Ronnie arrives but she attacks him on the head from behind and he suffers a black-out.
Maya rushes to leave her house, but finds Inspector Moses there. She wastes no time in killing him. Ronnie wakes up and walks into a dark cabin between the woods to find out 'everything-you-want-to-know-about-Maya'.
There are her childhood and adulthood pictures pasted on the walls and his pictures, along with Nancy, Priya, Moses, Bobby (with red crosses on those who were dead). Maya reappears and reveals it all to him. She also tells him that she had killed her own sister (the dead girl on the other side of her phone) by pushing her from the boat in a lake because of jealousy and insecurity.
Maya then blindfolds Ronnie and takes him to the top of a lighthouse that she called as Maya's Kingdom. Her plan is to exchange wedding vows with him. She tells him to make love to her and he obliges.
All this while Priya is dangling in mid-air on a suspended chair. Ronnie lights a cigarette and spills a glass of wine over it causing a fire to break out. Maya pulls the gun on him but Ronnie snatches the gun from her hand (which he could have done earlier too) and throws her off the lighthouse. Now she's dangling from the rod along with Priya. Well eventually, Ronnie manages to pull Priya on top of the lighthouse and saves her. After that they both try saving Maya, but she lets go and falls to her death into the deep waters.
The DSP is convinced by Ronnie's story and tells him that he will be out on bail. Ronnie is relieved and as he walks out the real story is revealed. It was all a game-plan by Ronnie and Priya. In quick shots they show us how he murdered Nancy, brutally killed Moses, threatened and tortured Maya to write her suicide note and eventually killed her. All this for claiming Nancy's property. In the concluding scene, Ronnie says that one just needs a good convincing story and must narrate it with genuineness. No one would care whether its true or false.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vishi (Ajay Devgn) is a small-time crook who would do anything for money. He falls in love with Khushi (Sonakshi Sinha), a simple HR executive, who then begins a relationship with him. One day, Vishi, who frequently gets involved in fights, publicly beats up a street gangster, who later seeks a revenge attack with his gang. The gangster and his gang brutally beat up Vishi, and easily escape the scene. It is then revealed that the person they had beaten is actually Vishi's lookalike, Jai. The goons escape when they hear the siren, and Vishi is found alive on bike, then the same goons gets beaten brutally by Vishi. Khushi tries to explain to Vishi that she loves him, he understands and they both start falling in love. On another occasion, a police inspector arrests Jai and hands him over to a group of gangsters led by Pedro (Ketan Karande). Jai single-handedly kills them all and is revealed to be a professional assassin and previous right-hand man of underworld criminal Xavier Fonseca (Anandaraj), nicknamed AJ. After AJ single-handedly rescued Xavier's sister Marina (Manasvi Mamgai) from a bunch of kidnappers, Marina falls for Jai but he rejects her as he is been married to Anusha (Yami Gautam).
Angered, Xavier tries to kill Anusha twice to get AJ married to Marina, which leaves her brutally injured. Jai then escaped to India and is in the process of getting her treated. When Vishi spots Jai, he reveals his identity and story to Vishi. Jai then requests Vishi to go to Bangkok disguised as AJ to fool Xavier and his sister; meanwhile AJ makes time to get his wife operated on, as she is expecting a baby. Vishi agrees to help and goes to Bangkok along with his friend Musa (Kunaal Roy Kapur). Meanwhile, Insp. Shirke finds AJ's lookalike and tries to inform Xavier but ended up murdered. The style of murder triggers suspicion to Xavier. Marina tortures Musa to know the truth. He reveals that Vishi is the one who masqueraded as AJ. Xavier hatches a plan to bring AJ to Bangkok by kidnapping his wife, baby and lookalike and threatens to kill all three of them. It is revealed up that Vishi is actually in Mumbai and AJ and himself switched their places in the airport at time after the job is done. AJ reaches the spot and kills all Xavier's henchmen, Xavier, Marina and unfortunately the baby dies in the blast while AJ and Anusha escape. Later it was revealed to be safe who was rescued by one of a man (Razzak Khan) of Xavier. The film ends with AJ and Vishi meeting at airport and Anusha requests Vishi to marry Khushi soon. It even shows that Musa's hand is broken and they are seen together as AJ with Anusha and Vishi with Khushi and Musa. While credit rolls it shows Prabhudeva and Ajay Devgan dancing together in the theme song of AJ.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 1984, a few months before the disaster, Dilip (Rajpal Yadav), a rickshaw driver, loses his pay source as his rickshaw breaks down while transporting an employee to the Union Carbide pesticide plant in Bhopal. Dilip lives in the slums around the plant with his wife, a son and his sister. He gets a job in the plant as a labourer, and is happy since his daily wage is restored.
The plant witnesses a drop in its revenue due to lower sales of pesticides, and in order to reduce the loss the officials neglect safety and maintenance. Questioning the chemicals used in the plant, Motwani (Kal Penn), a tabloid reporter publishes reports in his makeshift printing press which are disregarded by most of the officials and workers. Roy (Joy Sengupta), the in-charge for the safety of the plant expresses his concerns. The officials however ignore his warnings, and a worker is killed when a drop of methyl isocyanate leaking from a pipeline lands on his arm. The officials deem the worker's irresponsibility as the cause of the accident and the plant continues to function. Dilip is given a better-paying vacant job in the plant despite lacking the skill to operate machinery. A gas leak is prevented by Roy when water is mixed with methyl isocyanate, and in an attempt to stop people from panicking, the official in the plant sabotages the warning siren.
Warren Anderson (Martin Sheen), the CEO of Union Carbide, visits the plant to inspect its functionality, where he is briefed about a plan to connect two additional tanks for storage of methyl isocyanate to increase the output of the plant, ignoring the deteriorated condition of the tanks. Motwani meanwhile meets Eva Gascon (Mischa Barton), a reporter in the Paris Match, and persuades her to get an interview of Anderson. She impersonates the identity of an Associated Press reporter, but fails as her true identity is exposed in between the interview. Motwani convinces Dilip of the danger posed by the chemicals.
As the date of the disaster nears, Dilip arranges a loan for the wedding of his sister. Roy later explains how the company is ignoring safety standards, and that how a future leak might become uncontrolled as the officials had turned off safety measures to reduce the maintenance costs. Roy gives his resignation to the company and advises Dilip not to talk about the plant's safety if he wishes to retain his job. Dilip makes a phone call to Motwani describing what Roy just said, and expresses his fear about the plant's safety, saying he will return to the rickshaw-pulling business as soon as his sister is married.
In order to overcome the increasing revenue loss, the officials shut down the plant, firing most of the workers, including Dilip. The plant officials then order the usage of the remaining methyl isocyanate as soon as possible. Meanwhile, Dilip is busy with the wedding of his sister, and Roy has a final look of the control room. The safety measures fail and a runaway reaction follows. The faulty tanks cause the gas to start leaking, and an attempt to contain the leak fails. The gas escapes to the surroundings and is carried east by the wind. Motwani rushes to alert the people in the vicinity of the plant to vacate and head west, since the warning sirens were previously sabotaged. He meets Dilip, who ignores the warning and asks Motwani to leave the area without causing any hindrance to the wedding. Meanwhile, the guests experience irritation in the eyes and discomfort in breathing. Dilip senses the danger and visits the plant, realising that the plant had been compromised. He rushes back to his residence where he finds his family and relatives dying from acute exposure to the toxic gas. He carries away his son, paying farewell to his wife's corpse and flees the slum.
As the gas shows its effects, a nearby hospital is filled with hundreds of patients reporting cyanide poisoning, and the lack of antidote results in most of the patients' death. Dilip, on his deathbed, and using the last of his strength, rips off his Union Carbide identity badge and after flinging it away, rests his dead son on the ground. He eventually accepts his fate to die in the highly toxic gas cloud and succumbs to the toxic gas, dying by his son's side. The story jumps to the present day, where a blind boy is holding Dilip's identity badge, and the film ends with Motwani narrating the words "Whatever may be the cause of the disaster, Carbide never left Bhopal". A photo montage depicts the aftermath of the disaster, and pictures of the characters and their real-life counterparts
-----------------------------------------------------------
Pia (Pia Bajpai), a typical "Mumbai" girl, makes her first ever day trip to Delhi and agrees to meet a possible match for marriage on her mother’s insistence. She lands in Delhi determined to reject the guy after meeting him because after all he’s from "Delhi". However, as it turns out she loses her phone while fighting with an auto driver and meets Goli Kohli (Shiv Pandit), a witty "Delhi" boy who grudgingly agrees to help her. One thing leads to another and they end up spending the entire day together. They fight, they argue, they laugh and share a lifetime of emotions in one day. When they meet in the morning they are strangers with strong biases about Mumbai & Delhi, when they part in the evening, the biases have turned into affection for each other’s quirks and finally, love.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In this slacker bro-mantic comedy, writing partners Dulal and Mainak dream of shaking up the Bollywood film industry in India with their script Sulemani Keeda (Hindi street slang for "Pain in the Ass"). When they're being rejected by producers who refuse to read their script, they lurk around bookstores and poetry slams shamelessly hitting on girls. They find some hope when the drug addled, cat-obsessed Gonzo Kapoor, the son of a famous B movie producer, hires them to write an art house film billed as "Tarkovsky with orgies" for his directorial debut. All seems well until Dulal meets Ruma, a beautiful photographer who makes him question his choice to sell out.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A humanoid alien (Aamir khan) lands on Earth naked on a research mission in Rajasthan, but is stranded when the remote control of his spaceship is stolen. He manages to get the thief's cassette recorder, a Panasonic RQ-565D. On the same day in Bruges, Jaggu (Anushka Sharma) meets Sarfaraz (Sushant Singh Rajput) and falls in love with him. Jaggu's father (Parikshit Sahni) objects to their relationship because Sarfaraz is a Pakistani Muslim, while Jaggu is a Hindu. He consults godman Tapasvi Maharaj (Saurabh Shukla) who predicts that Sarfaraz will betray Jaggu. Determined to prove them wrong, Jaggu proposes to Sarfaraz, who accepts. She is heartbroken at the wedding chapel when she receives a letter calling off the marriage due to their cultural differences.
Jaggu returns to India and becomes a TV reporter. She meets the alien and is intrigued to see him distribute leaflets about the "missing" Gods. She saves him when he attempts to take money from a collection box, earning his trust.
The alien tells her that he is a research scientist from another planet. His people know nothing about dressing, religion or verbal communication. They transfer ideas by holding hands. The alien learned to fit in among humans by wearing clothes and using money stolen from couples having sex in "dancing cars".
In the flashback, after being accidentally hit by a truck, the alien is befriended by bandmaster Bhairon Singh (Sanjay Dutt), who takes him along with his troop. The alien attempts to learn to communicate by grabbing peoples' hands but people chase him away, believing him to be a pervert. Bhairon takes him to a brothel, where the alien holds a prostitute's (Reema Debnath) hand for six hours and thus learns the Bhojpuri language.
Bhairon has a conversation with the alien, and suggests that the thief may be in Delhi. The alien leaves for Delhi. Due to his strange behavior, the people assume he is drunk and call him "PK" (pee-kay, Hindi for "drunk"). People tell him that only "God" can help him find his remote. PK sincerely practices every Indian religion attempting to find "God", to no avail. He later discovers that Tapasvi has his remote, who claims it was a gift from God, and refuses to return the remote. Jaggu promises PK that she will recover his remote and he can go back home.
PK conjectures that Tapasvi and other godmen must be dialling a "wrong number" to communicate with God, and are therefore advising the public to engage in meaningless rituals. Jaggu encourages the public to expose fraudulent godmen, by sending their videos to her news channel. This "wrong number" campaign turns into a popular mass-movement, to the dismay of Tapasvi. Meanwhile, Bhairon finds the thief and contacts PK, telling him that he sold his remote control to Tapasvi, after which PK realises that Tapasvi was actually a fraud all along and that it wasn't a "wrong number". Bhairon then informs him that they will come to Delhi, but both die in a terrorist attack. The terrorist attack is later declared by Tapasvi's group to be stated as protecting their Gods.
Tapasvi decides to confront PK on-air. Tapasvi asks PK what the "right number" is. PK says that "God that created us all" is the only concept people should believe in, and that the other "duplicate Gods" are created by man. Tapasvi argues, saying that PK is trying to take people away from their Gods and that they will not stand for their Gods being taken away from them either. He claims he has a direct connection to God and refers to his prediction of Sarfaraz's betrayal to try to prove that Muslims are liars, but PK disagrees. PK realises that Sarfaraz did not write the letter. The letter was not for Jaggu. She contacts the Pakistani Embassy in Belgium where Sarfaraz worked part-time. The embassy tells her that Sarfaraz still loves her, and transfers the line to Sarfaraz, who is now living in Lahore. Jaggu and Sarfaraz reconnect, and Tapasvi is forced to return PK's remote, while also being exposed to the whole of India that he had planned to break Jaggu and Sarfaraz through his "predictions".
Meanwhile, PK has fallen in love with Jaggu, but refrains from telling her because she loves Sarfaraz. Having filled multiple audio tapes with her voice alone, he takes two suitcases full of tapes and extra batteries when leaving for home. After his departure, Jaggu publishes a book about him.
One year later, PK returns to Earth on a new research mission on human nature along with several other aliens (including one played by Ranbir Kapoor)
-----------------------------------------------------------
A dam in the village of Solaiyur, which is the lifeline of that village is under assessment for structural integrity by the Public Works Department. The dam inspector (Ponvannan) assesses that the dam is still strong 75 years after it was built. Later that evening, he is hacked to death by the corrupt local MP Nagabhushan (Jagapathi Babu), who wants the dam destroyed for his own benefit. The dying dam inspector throws a pen drive containing details about the proposed plan to destroy the dam into an abandoned Shiva temple near the dam and warns the village head Karunakara (K. Viswanath) that the temple has to be opened as soon as possible, after which he passes away. Karunakara and the villagers are of the opinion that the temple can only be opened by the descendant of Raja Lingeswaran (Rajnikanth), who built the dam as well as the Shiva temple. Lakshmi (Anushka Shetty), the granddaughter of Karunakara and a television journalist, goes on a search to find the Raja's descendant. She soon manages to find the descendant, whose name is Lingeswaran aka Lingaa (Rajnikanth). Lingaa is the grandson of Raja Lingeswaran, but is a petty thief with his family having now fallen on hard times. He holds a grudge against his grandfather, feeling that he had brought down his family into poverty by squandering all his wealth and hence refuses to go with Lakshmi to Solaiyur. However, Lakshmi implicates Lingaa in a robbery, as a result of which the police pursue Lingaa. Lingaa is forced to accept Lakshmi's invitation to avoid getting caught and travels with her to Solaiyur.
At Solaiyur, Lingaa finds out that the Lingam installed at the Shiva temple is made of Maragatham stone (Emerald), which is extremely valuable, so at midnight, he enters the Shiva temple with the intention to steal the Lingam. But he is noticed by one of the dam's security guards named Riazuddin Rony from Noakhali, who immediately alerts all the villagers including Lakshmi, Karunakara and Nagabhushan, to the temple courtyard. Aware of the villagers' presence, Lingaa pretends to perform pooja to the Lingam. This fools the villagers, who find it auspicious that the grandson of Raja Lingeswaran is performing pooja to the Shiva Lingam installed at the temple built by the Raja at on the occasion of Maha Shivaratri. Karunakara then tells everyone present, including Lingaa, the story of Raja Lingeswaran.
Raja Lingeswaran, the very rich ruler of the erstwhile princely state of Kodiyur, best Civil engineer from Cambridge and a civil services officer.He becomes the collector of Madurai district, and arrives at Solaiyur village. There the people tell him that they have no water for 9 months per year, and the other 3 months they have heavy rainfall and floods. They are unable to store water and the resulting famines cause hundreds of deaths every year. Though the collector applies to construct a dam, his plan is rejected in the annual collectors' meeting and he is forced to approve a new railroad from Tuticorin to Kochi through Madurai for goods. He refuses to do so and is blackmailed that he will be fired. He immediately resigns his job and exits.
He invites the provincial governor to his birthday dinner and cunningly gets approval from him, on condition that the dam will be built using his own finance. Though he faces multiple difficulties, the dam is nearly constructed, except for the shaft doors. The doors are being held in custody by the new collector as stolen goods and the floods are soon to occur. The new collector proposes that the king gives him all his property as bribe and all credit of constructing the dam goes to him and British government. The king with whole heart does so. The dam is fully constructed in 1939 at Solaiyur to solve the water problems of that village. The British lied to the villagers that the Raja was a British spy who would hand over the dam and all the villagers' lands to the British once the dam was completed. The irate villagers threw the Raja out of Solaiyur. Later, the villagers realised the Raja's true intentions and after a search found him and his wife Bharathi (Sonakshi Sinha) living in poverty. After unsuccessfully trying to convince the Raja to return to Solaiyur, the villagers decided to keep the Shiva temple which was built along with the dam closed until the Raja or his descendants returned to the village. Lingaa, on hearing the Raja's story, changes his opinion about his grandfather and decides to mend his ways.
Later, Lingaa and Lakshmi, through the pen drive hidden at the Shiva temple, find out about Nagabhushan's evil plans to destroy the dam. They manage to expose him in front of all the villagers in the climax. The movie ends with Lingaa and Lakshmi, who are now in love with each other, leaving Solaiyur, with Lingaa deciding to return once he has done something good in life like his grandfather.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shalini (Tejaswini Kolhapure) is a lonely and troubled housewife, addicted to alcohol and battling depression. She contemplates suicide, hoping to evoke some reaction from her stoic second husband, Police Chief Shoumik Bose (Ronit Roy), who behaves as if she doesn't exist. Shalini feels trapped in the marriage as Shoumik doesn't talk to her, taps her phone calls and treats her like a criminal. When she is about to shoot herself in the head with her husband's gun, she is interrupted by her 10-year-old daughter (from her first marriage) Kali (Anishika Shrivastava). Unaware of her mother's state of mind, Kali asks her to call her father, Shalini's estranged ex-husband, Rahul (Rahul Bhat). It is a Saturday, and Kali wishes to spend the day with her father, as decided in the custody agreement of the divorce.
Rahul, a struggling actor, takes Kali for a drive but is preoccupied with phone calls to further his career. He ends up taking Kali for a work assignment, which irritates her. She chooses to stay in the car while her father goes to see his agent, Chaitanya (Vineet Kumar Singh). Whilst Rahul is gone, a street seller tries to catch Kali's attention with children's masks. After some time, Chaitanya informs Rahul that his car door was open and Kali was not in the car. Rahul rushes down to the car and much to his horror, he sees that Kali is missing. Chaitanya and Rahul start looking for leads in the busy marketplace street where the car was parked. Chaitanya asks the mask seller about Kali and notices that he has Kali's phone. Rahul and Chaitanya try to stop the seller from running off, but he is killed by a car while trying to escape.
Rahul and Chaitanya go to the police station and report that Kali is missing. The local police inspector Jadhav (Girish Kulkarni) makes jokes about the situation and does not take it seriously, until he realises that Kali is the step-daughter of his Police Chief Bose. Things quickly turn hostile and Jadhav accuses Rahul and his friend Chaitanya of orchestrating the kidnapping, as this is Bose's opinion when Jadhav informs him of the kidnapping. Rahul and Bose have known each other since College, where the popular Rahul was a bully who often targeted the studious Bose. Bose plays a telephone call clip back to Rahul in which he stated to his ex-wife that he will kidnap Kali if Shalini does not allow him to see his child. This makes Rahul the lead suspect.
Chaitanya is allowed to leave the station, and is then seen to be making a phone call to Bose in a disguised voice asking for a ransom. Based on this, Rahul is released. Bose and Rahul engage in a game of one-upmanship, as they both search for Kali while simultaneously attempting to upstage the other. Both of them accuse each other at various times of orchestrating the kidnapping. Chaitanya is also suspected, but Bose cannot find any firm evidence.
Shalini's delinquent brother Siddhant (Siddhanth Kapoor) and B-grade-actress Rakhee (Surveen Chawla) involve themselves in the situation as well. Siddhant makes a ransom call for 5 million rupees to Shalini on her parent's home telephone. Shalini asks her father for 6.5 million rupees, of which she delivers the 5 million but hides the extra 1.5 million for herself, under the care of her friend Rakhee. Rakhee eventually flees, stealing the money. Siddhant is later arrested with the ransom money, and Shalini implies to Bose that she has kept some of the money for herself so she can leave him. Chaitanya continues to demand money, and Rakhee is seen to be forwarding these ransom calls to Rahul.
Rahul delivers the money for the ransom but the caller (Chaitanya) evades police interception. Rahul then gets into the caller's car with the bag of money. Rahul, Chaitanya and Rakhee are then seen together with the money, and Chaitanya jokes around with Rakhee as they wait for a ferry. Rahul telephones Bose to taunt him, saying that Bose thinks that he's a powerful policeman but still did not find Kali. Bose replies by asking Rahul if Kali is with him, and says that the games aren't helping anyone. Rahul slowly realises that Bose truly does not know where Kali is either and she is still missing. Rahul flies into a fit of rage at Chaitanya, since Chaitanya had reassured him that Bose had taken Kali. Rahul states that not only has he been fooled by Chaitanya, but his daughter really is missing. He kills Chaitanya in anger, whilst Rakhee quietly leaves, taking the bag of money.
The police revisit the marketplace and talk to a woman who knew the mask seller, and it is revealed that the two of them have a history of abducting children. Under threat of police interrogation and public retaliation, the woman finally leads the police to Kali. It has been at least a week that Kali has been missing, and she is found dead due to starvation and dehydration. The police discover that she was actually kidnapped by the mask seller, who hid her and then was unable to release her since he died in the chase. An image of the dead Kali is seen as the film ends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story about furstrated police cop, a victim of the circumstances and a politician who exploit the tricky situation and emotions of Hindu & Muslim to his advantage. A khan family of the locality happens to meet a Hindu boy Anand who has come to his house to deliver an item sent by khan's son who is in Bangalore. Anand & Shahnaz(Daughter of kader Khan) meet each other at Khan's house,they love each otherTaking the advantage of minor incident in the locality, both the communities clash each the khan Chacha(Paternal Uncle) face the wrath of his own community but he does not give space for riots and stand like rock between Anand and his commumity. He says with pride that he is real Muslim who believes in Secularism and not terrorism.Finally Anand & Shahnaz get married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Pintoo (Arjun Kapoor) is a young Kabbadi player who goes to factionism-hit Mathura to take part in practice. There, in a twist of fate, he saves Radhika (Sonakshi Sinha) from Gajendar Singh (Manoj Bajpayee), a dangerous faction leader, who is in love with Radhika and wants to marry her against her wishes. Pintoo tries to comfort her because Gajendar Singh killed her brother. When he saves Radhika, he humiliates Gajendar into taking his pants off. Ganjendar refuses to put them back on until someone finds Radhika and brings her back. Pintoo helps Radhika escape and takes her to his house in Agra, hiding her in his room with the help of his sister, Pinky (Gunjan Malhotra).
Soon, his parents find out she is hiding in their house. Radhika and Pintoo run away again and she falls in love with him. The next day, after taking care of Gajendar and his men, Pintoo and his friends drop Radhika off at the airport to go to America. Radhika cries on the way there, not wanting to leave Pintoo. They bring her parents to see her one last time before she leaves. After Radhika is past airport security, Pintoo realizes he loves Radhika. She shows up behind him, saying that she was waiting for him to stop her. She turns to leave when Pintoo is silent, taking it as a refusal, but Pintoo calls her back, and they confirm their love with a hug.
Pintoo's police chief father (Raj Babbar) and Gajendar show up at the airport, and Pintoo's father arrests him while Gajendar takes Radhika away. While under Gajendar's jurisdiction, Radhika taunts him and says that Pintoo will definitely come for her. Gajendar goes to the jail and asks Pintoo to come with him. Here, Pintoo and his father solve their relationship, when Pintoo's father expresses that he's not worried Pintoo will come home hurt; rather, he's worried for Gajendar.
Gajendar and his men get Pintoo injured in front of the whole town. The Home Minister, who is the reason Gajendar has not gotten in trouble all this time, tells him to stop making a scene, as he's ruining his political party, but Gajendar slaps the minister and goes on to fight Pintoo. He is further enraged when he sees how much Radhika loves Pintoo, and stabs him with a knife. Pintoo falls to the ground. Radhika tries to run to him, crying his name, but Gajendar drags her away. Pintoo is able to get up again, picking up the scarf that Radhika dropped. He ties it around his waist where the knife wound is, and fights and defeats Gajender's men. He also defeats Gajender until Gajendar gets back up with a gun. However, he is shot down by Kakdi, his own right-hand man on the instructions of the Home Minister who has had enough of Gajender's antics and insubordination and it is implied that Kakdi has now been appointed as Gajender's replacement. With Gajender dead, his goons have no interest in Pintoo and Radhika who are now reunited.
-----------------------------------------------------------
This roller coaster ride begins with the Wealthy Mr. Beri slipping into his third Coma. His four estranged children have to make it back home to be there while their father "hopefully" breathes his last, leaving behind his huge estate in the mountains.
Pawan Beri, the oldest child of Mr. & Mrs Beri, is a hustler who is in big trouble with a local mafia don turned Politician. Rude, brash, and arrogant, he looks at everything from his own crooked view. Archana Beri is a wannabe socialite and former Miss India hopeful, forced to give up her dreams after an arranged marriage at a young age. She is bitter towards the entire world, including her family, and bullies her meek husband Digvijay who in secret has a dual personality. Aman Beri is the New York-based son who returns with his American wife, Amy who meets the family for the first time. He pretends to be a top fashion photographer, but in reality he is struggling as an unemployed light boy. Abhay Beri/ Chotu is the youngest in the family. Not much is known about his present status. Years ago he was sent to New Zealand to study, but never returned... well until now!
Along with the four siblings are a bunch of other unique and nutty characters like a village item girl, an extra slow family lawyer, and 3 goofy investigators. The chaos begins when they discover that in order to open there they need to get 'Chotu' married. Set in a lush green, picturesque hill station, this story is about the dysfunctional 'Beri' family. A mad-caper but true to life, hilarious but emotional, fast paced yet heartwarming story of a family estranged for years, brought together by greed but eventually finding each other, discovering the true meaning of being a family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prithvi Khuranna (Zayed Khan), a middle class working professional, who has to work in order to survive in the city and also to pay the landlord's rent plus other 'unavoidable' expenses. One day he discovers that his account has been credited with 100 crores! Finding it hard to believe, he calls up the bank's customer care. And when he hears that his account has been upgraded into a 'platinum class'. Even before the news can sink in his system, he gets a call from an 'unknown number' with caller claiming that his name is 'Dawood'. Dawood then, "orders" Prithvi to get into a mutually profitable deal with him, as he has to deliver the money time to time at different places to dawood's lady hechmen Rasheeda (Talia Bentson). Prithvi immediately calls up his roommate Sam (Rannvijay Singh) who thrives on women and money (easy money, to be precise), to share the news with him. Just when the duo is busy planning as to what to do with the whopping amount, the bank's Vice President D.K. Thawani (Anupam Kher) lands up at his doorstep to offer his personalised service to his 'esteemed customer'. All of this startles Prithvi to no end. Seeing Prithvi behave 'abnormally', his ever-so-concerned girlfriend Megha (Tena Desae), who is a TV journalist by profession, immediately calls her top-cop uncle G.S. Chaddha (Yuri Suri), who then, starts tracking Prithvi's phone calls. Prithvi's confidence levels take a U-turn when he discovers that D.K. Thawani is actually Dawood's man in disguise of a bank manager. Just as when things are getting settled down, life again takes a U-turn for Prithvi when he hears the breaking news about Dawood's sudden death on TV channels. Needless to say that, Dawood's death only means that Prithvi becomes the sole owner of the remaining 60 crores in his bank account.
But Prithavi tells the whole story to Megha and they both decides to go to police next day, before Sam convinces them to enjoy and party for once before returning all the money. But at the club Prithavi gets a call from Dawood and Megha gets abducted only to found unconscious in Prithvi's car. Shocked by this incident Sam confesses to them that the calls from Dawood were fake and were made by Rasheeda whose real name is Rachel. Sam has actually won an online lottery from a link send by Rachel but by using Prithvi's Debit card. On winning the prize money of 100cr the whole amount got transferred in Prithavi's bank account. Hence Sam and Rachel faked Dawood calls to get all the money back from him. But now Sam came to know that D.K. Thawani and Rachel are planning to kill him as well after they get all the money. They also realise that the lottery site is fake and it was all a money laundering scheme which was devised by business tycoon Ram Sharan Oberoi and been transferred to India through them. This gets them in trouble as they will be soon interrogated by RBI and Police for transferring black money in India.
Prithvi then makes a plan and they all abduct Rachel. Then makes fake call as Oberoi to Thawani and steels all the money from his house in Rachels car. Later Prithavi goes to Thawani's office and records his confession in hidden camera, before getting him and Oberoi arrested. Film ends with Prithvi getting a price money of 2 cr from govt. of India, but receiving a call from real Dawood.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows a team of fictional secret agents called Baby; which is a temporary task force headed by Feroz Khan (Danny Denzongpa) formed in response to the 2008 Mumbai attacks whose job is to find and eliminate terrorists who are planning attacks in India.
While attempting to rescue a fellow Indian security agent in Turkey, Ajay Singh Rajput (Akshay Kumar) captures a traitor Jamal (Karan Anand) who formerly worked under Ajay and threatens to kill his family unless he gives them the information about their terror attack plans on India. Ajay is told about a terrorist plot to cause a bomb blast in a Delhi mall which he and Jai (Rana Daggubati) are able to prevent. In the process they learn that this was only the first, of a series of massive attacks that had been planned. Pakistan based terrorist mastermind, Maulana (Rasheed Naz), is causing trouble near the India-Pakistan border. He plans and executes a daring prison escape plan for Bilal (Kay Kay Menon). A team of officers is dispatched to interrogate Taufiq who is an ISI agent posing as a local leader. Ajay manages to get information on their local contacts after torturing him. They go to their hideout, but things go haywire when all of the squad members on the mission except Ajay are killed in an explosion. To collect further information from a terrorist logistics planner in Nepal, Ajay and officer Shabana Khan (Tapsee Pannu) travel to Nepal pretending to be husband and wife. Their plan to capture the terrorist Wasim Khan (Sushant Singh) goes wrong when Wasim finds out that Shabana is in fact an undercover officer. Shabana manages to hold Wasim and Ajay arrives to find that Shabana has knocked him unconscious.
As per the information given by Wasim, Feroz sends Ajay, Jai and Shukla (Anupam Kher) to meet their deep asset Ashfaq (Mikaal Zulfiqar) in Saudi Al-Dera where Bilal is holding meetings to discuss the funding and execution of their plans. Ajay and Jai crack into Bilal's room with the help of Shukla and manage to kill Bilal. As they are about to return, they find that Maulana is also at the suite. Jai knocks him out and they decide to bring Maulana back to India, under the pretext that he is a relative who needs to visit India for an urgent liver transplant. They manage to get a visa from the local authorities for Maulana (being shown as Ashfaq's ill uncle) with Ashfaq's help. Soon after, the hotel security discover the corpse of Bilal. The Arab police authorities put the police chief Hani Mohammad (Hasan Noman) on charge of investigating the crime. He attempts to track down the murderers quickly and eventually succeeds. However, once he learns that the murderers are Indian military agents who are attempting to smuggle Maulana back to India, he smiles and lets them escape without any hindrance. After 6 weeks of bringing Maulana, team sends him to Srinagar for interrogation and obtaining information and killing him. For successfully bringing in Maulana, Baby is given permanent status and the team celebrates it.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie centres around a young woman, Dolly (Sonam Kapoor), who is a young con artist. First she married Sonu Sherawat (Rajkummar Rao). She marries men from different religions and runs away with their wealth on the night of the wedding. Her entire family consists of con artists. After conning a number of rich men, she gets media attention, who label her as "looteri dulhan". A cop Robin Singh (Pulkit Samrat) decides to catch Dolly. When she tries to con Delhi boy Manjot (Varun Sharma), she slips and her photographs are splashed all over the media.
When Dolly and her gang try to con a prince (Saif Ali Khan), they are arrested by Robin Singh. Then it is revealed that Robin Singh and Dolly have a past. She is put behind bars but she escapes with Robin's help and they get married. But she leaves him too and regroups with her old gang members and goes in search of their next victim.
-----------------------------------------------------------
During the era of British India, lives a happy go lucky, school drop-out Shivkar Bapuji Talpade aka Shivi (Ayushmann Khurrana), who falls in love with a local stage dancer Sitara (Pallavi Sharda). This makes Shivi's father throw him out of the house and he bumps into a crazy scientist Pandit Subbaraya Shastri (Mithun Chakraborty). Shastri is constantly being chased by British soldiers for his weird experiments but lesser they know that Shastri is secretly building a flying machine. Seeing Shivi's great knowledge of Vedas, Shastri shares his secret book based on ancient Indian aeronautics, which he is using to build an aeroplane. Shastri offers Shivi to be his assistant but Shivi refuses. Shivi later proposes to Sitara to marry her, but Sitara resists on the grounds that society will not accept their marriage and goes away to Hyderabad.
Heartbroken, Shivi goes back to Shastri and accepts his offer to assist him. Together they work for several months to design a perfect machine which can fly but kept failing. On running out of funds they request a local king to sponsor their experiments. Finally, they manage to build a small aeroplane and have a successful unmanned test flight in presence of many eyewitnesses, but it crashes within a few seconds. Shivi later learns that Sitara is back in Bombay and now lives in a poor condition under heavy debts. Shivi and Sitara reunite, but in order to get her out of debt, Shivi sells Shastri's secret book to a British officer. Feeling betrayed, Shastri does not survive this trauma and dies. Shastri's death makes Shivi feel so guilty, that he decides to fulfil Shastri's incomplete dream along with Sitara and his nephew Narayan.
In his quest to build a perfect flying machine, Shivi goes to Banaras to meet a guru, to whom Shastri used to refer. The guru gives Shivi a code "4121", which later helps Shivi figure out that mercury will be the best fuel for the engine, since the word "mercury", when written in Hindi in terms of chemistry, looks like the number 4121. Before Shivi can complete his machine, British officers arrest him on his brother's complaint. After being rescued by a freedom fighter, Shivi finally takes the aircraft to sea beach. In the end, before soldiers can arrest him again, Shivi flies away with Sitara and they become the world's first humans to ride in a flying machine.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kabir (Ali Fazal), is a novelist, whose failed career and relationship with Simran (Debina Bonnerjee) forces him to move to Kashmir in search of an inspirational story. In Kashmir, Kabir stops at a guest house run by the beautiful but mysterious lady Meera (Sapna Pabbi). Meera is married to Jaidev (Gurmeet Chaudhary), who is confined to his bed. On his first night at the guest house, Kabir begins seeing strange apparitions. He also becomes attracted towards Meera. Meera, who is also falling for Kabir, refuses to go with him. Kabir finds out that Meera has not been out of the house for two years.
Kabir now in love with Meera, tries to take her away from the house. While driving away,an evil force comes before their car and they have an accident. Curious, Kabir calls a tantrik after drugging Meera. The tantrik discovers an evil spirit in the house which attacks them, he claims that the spirit is of Jaidev, who is dead. Realization dawns upon Kabir, and he recalls Meera speaking on the phone in a man's voice and never seeing Jaidev in person. Kabir sneaks into Jaidev's room, only to find Jaidev sleeping. Furious with Kabir, Meera tells him to leave.
Kabir later returns to confront Meera. She reveals that she was involved in a hit and run two years back and to evade imprisonment she ran away to a small town in Kashmir, where she met Jaidev, a rich industrialist who lived in the huge mansion. She fell in love with him and soon they both got married. One night Meera saw Jaidev performing a ritual slaughter and praying to the devil. Scared and shocked Meera tried to run away but she was caught by Jaidev. In a struggle to stop her, Jaidev fell from the balcony and was paralysed below the waist. Later Jaidev committed suicide and left a letter for Meera, mentioning that she will have to live in the house forever with his soul, and if she ever tried to run away, his lawyer was instructed to open a letter upon news of his disappearance, which will detail that Meera has killed him and was the culprit in the hit and run. Meera had to stay in the house with Jaidev's soul and delude the world that her husband is alive.
Kabir decides to steal the letter from the lawyer's office, however he finds that there was no lawyer and Jaidev was bluffing. On knowing Jaidev's lie, Meera and Kabir plan to cremate Jaidev's body and set his spirit to rest. While they cremate his body, inside the house a laugh echos in the one of the rooms and Jaidev in a painting smiles sadisticly. To their surprise Jaidev returns to haunt Meera and captures her in the painting. Kabir goes to the tantrik for help, who it turns out is also a spirit. The tantrik tells Kabir that the painting is merely a portal to the world of spirits. He gives Kabir holy water to spray on Jaidev and informs him that he doesn't have long to save Meera. After a lot of deadly struggles, Kabir drinks a drop of Jaidev's blood to get Jaidev's spirit to enter his body. He later drinks holy water, which makes Jaidev's evil spirit perish, setting Meera free.
Kabir is shown at a book launch for his latest novel, Khamoshiyan. Meera is also at the party but the two leave to spend some time alone together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Danish (Dhanush), born mute in rural Igatpuri, loves films. He acts out scenes before his class, amazing his peers and teacher, and spends all his time in the local Paradise theatre. He even tries to board a Mumbai bus to go become a film star but is pulled off by his mother's friends. When he grew up, Danish brings pakodas to the local video-store owner and watches films every day. His mother feigns illness and keeps him from going to Mumbai but when she dies, Danish leaves for Mumbai.
Danish gets into Film City past its guards and finds shelter in an actor's vanity van, hiding under the sofa. Travelling around in the empty van, Danish desperately tries to meet directors but cannot. He meets assistant director Akshara Pandey (Akshara Haasan) who is impressed by his talent. She shows his video, shot on her phone, to a director but he rejects casting a mute hero. Akshara's father, a doctor, treats Danish after he gets into a fight with security guards. On his recommendation, Danish and Akshara arrive at Finland to meet his friend who shows Danish their new "Live Voice Transfer Technology", that uses embedded micro-recorders and ear-pieces and enables mute people to communicate via a "borrowed" voice.
Akshara and Danish return to Mumbai with the equipment and find Amitabh Sinha (Amitabh Bachchan), a failed actor and drunkard. Although he was rejected because of his deep baritone, the duo are actually impressed with the same baritone and ask him to lend his voice to Danish; he accepts, and signs an agreement not to disclose himself as Danish's voice. Their first project becomes a major success and numerous film offers come for Danish, now named "Shamitabh" (a portmanteau of Danish and Amitabh).
Amitabh, who is officially Danish's valet, also wants a role in accepting or rejecting scripts. He tells Danish his voice is as big — if not bigger — a star than Danish's talent. The friction between them grows. Amitabh gets fever and Danish makes him take an injection. In retaliation, Amitabh makes Danish accepts singing a song in his new film. Amitabh sings the song "Piddly", but is horrified by its picturisation of toilets across snowy peaks, suggested by Danish to tease him.
Danish arrives at London to deliver a speech which Amitabh voices for him, but Danish treats him like a servant. Amitabh later becomes inebriated and attacks a police officer, leading to his arrest, but Danish bails him out.
When the duo return to Mumbai, journalists ask Danish if he is apologetic about the incident. Amitabh mischievously makes him reply in negative, much to Danish's fury. The duo parts ways; Danish plays a mute person in his next film, while Amitabh dubs for another actor in a different film. Both films fail.
Meanwhile, Akshara, who had gone to Sikkim to write a script for Danish, returns but berates Danish when he refuses to apologise to Amitabh. She forces Amitabh and Danish to reconcile.
A media reporter, having discovered the secret that Danish was born mute, threatens to expose the duo but they decide to tell the truth and surprise the world. Danish and Amitabh accept to work in Akshara's debut film, and Danish tells Akshara that he loves her. While Danish and Amitabh are on the way to Akshara's film ceremony, a car accident occurs; Danish is killed while Amitabh's larynx is damaged, making him mute.
Some time later, Amitabh paces around Danish's grave with Akshara's script, imagining that Danish is still alive and practicing his lines for the film.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kabir Garewal (Arjun Rampal), a Casanova film maker and screenwriter is making multiple films (GUNS Trilogy) based on a thief's life and robberies. All his films have been highly successful. In order to shoot the third part of the trilogy, he goes to Malaysia, where he meets a London-based film maker Ayesha (Jacqueline Fernandez). Kabir and Ayesha get friendly and soon fall in love. When Ayesha finds out about Kabir's Casanova attitude, she breaks up with him and returns to London. Dejected, Kabir goes into depression and returns to Mumbai, leaving his film incomplete. After several attempts, Kabir is unable to find the perfect climax for his film. On his assistant Meera's (Shernaz Patel) suggestion, Kabir attends a film festival as part of the jury, where Ayesha's film is being screened. Ayesha thinks Kabir is following her and asks him to stay away from her life. After his father's (Anupam Kher) death followed by him being sued by his film's financiers, Kabir decides to move on and complete his film.
In the parallel story of imaginary characters in Kabir's film Guns 3, an infamous Roy (Ranbir Kapoor) is a mysterious international art thief whom no country seems to be able to get their hands on, including Detective Wadia (Rajit Kapur). On his new assignment, Roy goes to an unknown foreign land to steal an expensive painting only to find that its owner is the beautiful Tia (also played by Jacqueline Fernandez). Tia lives alone in a huge mansion where the painting is kept. Hence, Roy tries to befriend Tia during an art auction and soon impresses her with his charm. Sparks fly between them and both start spending time together, giving Roy entry into the mansion. Looking for the right opportunity, one night Roy runs away with the painting, leaving Tia heartbroken. Roy later regrets, as he realizes he has fallen in love with Tia. He decides to return the painting to her. After a small clash with the painting's new owner, Roy manages to get it back. On receiving the painting, Tia realizes that Roy is now a changed man and forgives him.
Meanwhile, Kabir's film Guns 3 is released and is hugely successful. In the end, Kabir proposes to Ayesha and they reunite, just like Roy and Tia in Kabir's film. The movie ends with Roy and Tia walking together over a bridge, similar to the stolen painting.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Misha (Yami Gautam) and her son Robin become the victims of a bank robbery getaway during a shopping trip. Liak (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) and his friend Harman (Vinay Pathak) rob a bank and use Misha's car to flee. Robin falls out of the moving vehicle during the struggle, and Misha is shot by Liak. Harman jumps out of the car to protect the money while Liak is arrested. Both mother and son die from their injuries in the hospital.
Raghu (Varun Dhawan), shattered from the loss of both his wife and son, immerses himself in seeking revenge on both culprits. Liak is sentenced to 20 years in prison, but refuses to reveal the identity of his partner in crime. Raghu learns about Jhimli (Huma Qureshi), a prostitute who is Liak's girlfriend, and visits her to inquire about the missing partner. After Liak's sentence, Raghu exiles himself to a reclusive life at a train station he gets off at – Badlapur.
15 years later, a terminally-ill Liak is paroled from prison on compassionate grounds. Unknown to Liak, Raghu has facilitated the release by providing a letter of pardon for Liak to the court, in exchange for being told the partner's name by Liak's mother. Bent on vengeance, Raghu finds Harman, who now runs a well-established restaurant. Liak is kept under watch by police as they believe he will lead them to the unknown partner. Liak contacts Harman, and arranges to take his share of the money. However, Raghu has already interrogated Harman and Harman's wife Kanchan (Radhika Apte). Harman tells Raghu that it was Liak and not him who killed his son and wife. Raghu is not convinced and takes Liak's share of the money, killing both Harman and his wife.
Raghu meets Shobha (Divya Dutta), the worker instrumental in arranging Liak's parole, pretending to be in love with her to create his alibi. He buries Harman and Kanchan's bodies, and police start investigating Harman. Liak learns from his mother that Raghu came to know about Harman and breaks into Raghu's house in search of the money. Raghu beats him senseless, and Liak tells Raghu that it was him, not Harman, who killed Raghu's wife and child, but he did it in a moment of panic, unlike Raghu who, Liak points out, planned his murders with a cool mind and without guilt.
Liak meets Jhimli one last time; she, now a keep of a local businessman, breaks down, knowing Liak is nearing death. The police now has circumstantial evidence that Raghu murdered Harman. Liak walks into the police station and takes Raghu's blame, giving him a second chance to live his life, and also doing one good thing in his own life before dying.
After seven months, Liak succumbs to cancer in jail. Jhimli meets Raghu and tells him that he has a second chance thanks to Liak, and should not waste it. She also asks Raghu that, now that his revenge is complete and all the guilty are dead, what good it did for him. Raghu is silent as Jhimli drives away.
-----------------------------------------------------------
During the Partition of India in 1947, a Sikh Punjabi named Umber Singh (Irrfan Khan) evacuates his house with his wife Mehar (Tisca Chopra) and three daughters. He is disgruntled at the fact that he does not have a son to carry on his family lineage which is assumed to be carried forward by the males of the next generation. He tells his wife that he is confident the next child will be a boy, but Mehar is unsure, and fearful that if she has another girl, Umber will leave her. During the birth of their 4th child, Umber takes the child from the womb and declares with happiness that it is a boy. Mehar checks the gender of the child and realizes the child is in fact a girl. Umber is declaring child to be a male because of his strong desire to have a son. She tells Umber that it is better to kill the girl child than enforcing his desire for a son on the child. Umber ignores her and happily, in his own denial, declares the new child a boy named Kanwar.
Umber fosters Kanwar as a son and wants her to gain strength, endurance, and the ability to shoot a gun like a son. Kanwar has lapses of normal behavior for a young girl, including crying, giggling, and having her first period, which her father tries hard to repress and ignore. One time, when Kanwar goes out to play with her sisters, they end up fighting and Kanwar falls to the ground and breaks her leg. Once home and given proper medical treatment, Umber is blindingly furious at his three daughters for hurting his only "son". He drags his daughters off the bed and starts beating them mercilessly, but his wife Mehar comes in to stop him and tells him to get out. Umber declares if anything happens to his "son", he will cut his daughters to pieces.
Once Kanwar becomes a fully functioning "man" (Tillotama Shome), after having her turban ceremony, she starts to converse with a girl named Neeli (Rasika Duggal), who is the daughter of one of Umber's close friends. Kanwar and Neeli tease each other and kid around over the course of several weeks. In one instance, they fool around near the woods, where Kanwar tries to lock Neeli in a shed. She escapes and they both wrestle each other. Umber oversees this and sees his "son"'s happiness and asks Neeli's father for Neeli's hand in marriage to marry Kanwar. Soon, after the wedding ceremony, Neeli comes to know that Kanwar does not have a penis, though she doesn't know that he is actually a girl. Umber tells her that Kanwar had an 'accident' when he was younger. Neeli is disheartened knowing that she will never be able to have children with Kanwar. During one night, Neeli packs her bags and tries to escape her marriage. Umber spots her and pleads for her to come back. When she refuses, Umber wrestles her to the ground and attempts to rape her. Kanwar hears the commotion and comes outside to see her father trying to rape Neeli. Kanwar cries, trying to stop her father, but Umber tells her "it is the only way to have a son in the family". Umber promises Kanwar that if he leaves and lets Umber rape Neeli, they will have a son. Kanwar leaves in a fit of rage, but comes back carrying a shotgun, which he uses to shoot Umber in the back, killing him.
After the funeral of Umber, Mehar forces Kanwar and Neeli to run away and start a new life together in her father's abandoned house and never come back. Neeli and Kanwar profess their affection to each other, accepting a sisterly love towards each other, but hiding Kanwar's gender from all others. As they continue to live together as women, Neeli helps Kanwar shed the manhood her father forced on her and embrace the fact that she is biologically a woman.
After some time, Kanwar decides to go and bring her mother to their new home. When she arrives, she sees that their house has been burned down and her mother and two sisters have died in the fire. The only person left is her eldest sister, who has gone mentally insane and talks about "making Umber's dinner and cleaning Umber's room". As Kanwar explores the house, she sees her father's spirit in the mirror. The unsatisfied spirit of Umber continues to haunt Kanwar all the way back home. Umber tells Kanwar that they must make things right. Kanwar is haunted in her dreams by Umber, and on Lohri night, Kanwar yells out the window to her father that she wants to pretend to be a man as per his desire but her womanhood is beyond her control now and she is failing to control that. Kanwar strips naked and professes her womanhood. The town's people hear this and are extremely disproving. They attempt to break into the house. Neeli tells Kanwar to go and not to come back otherwise they will both get killed. Kanwar leaves again, and as she wanders through the desert she sees her father. Broken and at her wits end, Kanwar submits to her father's spirit who drowns her in an oasis. Umber goes to the village to call Neeli, where he masquerades as being Kanwar and removes his shirt off in front of the disputing villagers (to evince his masculinity); and later brings Neeli to the burned down house in which Kanwar's family used to live. He tells her that he will start the life once again and build everything afresh just like he did when he migrated from Pakistan. Neeli commits suicide by falling off the top balcony, leaving Umber by himself, wandering as a lost soul with his unfulfilled desire to have a son to carry his family lineage.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ab Tak Chhappan 2 opens to encounter specialist Sadhu Agashe (Nana Patekar) proclaiming what he did was right. The film then goes into flashback, where we are shown what happened a few months back. Away from Mumbai, with a few cases pending against him, Sadhu now leads a peaceful life in his village (Goa) with his son Aman, mourning the loss of his wife. He cooks, lives in a house by the river and listens to his son playing the piano. However, his retired phase comes to a halt, when ex-police commissioner (Mohan Agashe) convinces Sadhu to get back on the job on the home minister's (Vikram Gokhale) request to tackle Mumbai's escalating crime scene.
Sadhu is hesitant but his son talks him into accepting the offer, which brings him back to Mumbai. While Sadhu's encounter squad is happy to see him, Thorat (Ashutosh Rana), Sadhu's junior is not too pleased with the decision as he hopes to become the chief. Sadhu senses the rivalry and makes it clear to Thorat that he will have to follow orders.
The squad begins their mission by reconnecting with their sources and targeting gangsters of two gangs (Rauf and Rawale). Meanwhile crime reporter Shalu Dixit (Gul Panag) becomes a regular visitor at Sadhu's residence, since she wants to finish the book on 'encounter cops', which her journalist father couldn't complete, since he was shot by a gangster.
As the encounter squad goes on a shooting spree, Sadhu starts getting threats from unknown parties. Soon, Sadhu's son is targeted by the gangsters and is killed. Rawale informs Sadhu that Rauf has done it. Sadhu nabs Rauf. He initially denies being the culprit but later accepts it. However, he also warns Sadhu that Rawale has been assigned the job of killing the righteous CM (Dilip Prabhawalkar) by someone, whom Sadhu trusts a lot. Before Rauf could give away the name, he gets shot by Thorat. The latter says he was ordered to do so. It is soon announced that Rawale would be returning to Mumbai and may join politics soon. Both Sadhu and Shalu suspects that the home minister is involved in the CM's assassination and was the one who took Rawale's help to plot the murder.
Sadhu confronts the home minister and the later admits it, saying his political career wouldn't have taken off in the presence of the CM, who didn't favour him and his devious activities. He also dares Sadhu to expose him, having a firm opinion that no one would believe Sadhu.
Sadhu decides to give up but Shalu tells him that she has found evidence against the home minister, a video proof of his meeting with Rawale but before she could pick up the CD, she gets shot by Thorat, who is now revealed to be Jagirdar's Henchman. Sadhu arrives at nick of time and shoots Thorat dead before he can kill Shalu.
Sadhu goes to an event, where the home minister is to pay tribute to the late CM. Sadhu steps on stage, requests he be given an opportunity to speak. After appreciating the Home Minister, he quickly moves towards him and stabs a sharp pen into his shoulder, thus killing him.
The film continues at present time, and it is revealed that Aman is alive. His death was merely faked to eliminate the underworld. Commissioner Pradhan leaves after interrogating Sadhu, and promises him that he will take care of Aman. An epilogue is shown where we are told that Sadhu was given life imprisonment for also killing Rawale in same jail where both were imprisoned together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in 1995, Prem Prakash Tiwari (Ayushmann Khurrana) owns a cassette shop in the local market of Haridwar. His father is keen on getting him married to an educated but overweight girl Sandhya (Bhumi Pednekar). In spite of not liking her, the school drop out Prem agrees to marry her as he cannot attain a girl with 'Juhi Chawla-level-of-looks.' In addition, the fact that Sandhya is trying to be a school teacher, his family asks him to think of this as a financial help too. Eventually, in an elaborate community-wedding ceremony, Prem and Sandhya get married.
Prem visibly shows his disinterest in the marriage and does not consummate the marriage on the wedding night. While his sister, aunt and mother argue about his non-existent life, Prem leaves for akhara. Friends and seniors make fun of him and he tells them about his anguish. His trainer suggests that he must run away but that is not an option for him. At home, Sandhya tries to get Prem attracted to her. But he is too embarrassed to even walk to her on the street. Prem and Sandhya's relationship continues to remain strained although they share a kiss and have sex on their second night together. Over time, Sandhya's frustration shows; when Prem's aunt brings up a petty topic, the two have a heated exchange of words and she tells them how he does not treat her well.
Amidst all this, a close friend of Prem's gets married. Prem and Sandhya go for the ceremony where due to his excessive drinking and jealousy over his friend's pretty wife, he tells everyone that sleeping with Sandhya feels like hell. Sandhya hears this and slaps him in front of his friends and he slaps her back. The next morning, Sandhya reflects on what she's been through and decides she has had enough and decides to leave Prem. She blames her father-in-law for his lack of respect towards women and not giving his son a proper education. Sandhya's mother tries to pacify her, saying she must return to her husband. But she decides that she can live by herself. Meanwhile, Prem decides to channel his energy into studying and to take his English paper again; he enrolls for the examination. His friends give up on him; after a verbal squabble, they throw him out of the group.
Subsequently, a friend's father opens a competing shop selling music CDs in the same market, clearly affecting their business. Prem's family talks to the shop-owner's family and the discussion ends with Prem's friend challenging him to participate and win the "Dum Lagao" contest. (The contest entails him carrying his wife on his shoulders and running an obstacle course.) Meanwhile, Sandhya and Prem reach the court to file divorce. The court decides that the two must spend six months with each other and try to salvage their marriage. Both decide to live together just as a formality but the two begin to get on, as they both start understanding each other. Sandhya gets accepted for a teaching job in Meerut.
Prem's aunt successfully convinces him to participate in the competition and the couple take a last chance to save their marriage. The day arrives and much to the surprise of the society members, Prem and Sandhya join the co-participants. Surprisingly, Prem shoulders the weight of his wife and surges past all other contestants who fall. In the last lap, Sandhya confesses to Prem that she does not want to go to Meerut and wants Prem to let her stay. Prem knows winning this competition is the only way to do this and pushes himself further to eventually win the race.
But Prem does not let Sandhya get off his back even after the race is over. He takes her back all the way to his house where they seal their love with a kiss.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story starts off well, with a sweet Punjabi couple introducing the audience. The story then jumps to Chandigarh, in 2014, where a frustrated man, while conversing on phone, loses control of his car due to a basketball and instantly applies brakes thereby also causing a public transport bus to stop, when the couple are just beside each other and fall over, sprouting up the love that led to their marriage.
While the frustrated man stops, a local taxi-driver Gurinder (Anil Mange) jumps out of his taxi and begins creating a scene against the frustrated man, who is then revealed to be enterprising cafè owner Dev Arora (Sidhant Gupta), the owner of a very popular cafè known as Cafè Konnect. Gurinder and Dev part ways, clearing the crowd that had accumulated there.
A rewind back to a recent history shows Dev's past, when, one day while taking photographs of a cute young woman he saw playing with balloons in the midst of children, he ended up saving another woman, Naari (Suzanna Mukherjee) and later took her to his cafè. Shortly after, the two entered a live-in relationship with Dev getting a huge loan following Dev's love instinct for Naari. However, despite a huge house and a big loan shark, Naari deserted Dev the very evening he wanted to propose to her during dinner at a five-star hotel on the pretext of using the washroom. Ever since that day, Dev did preserve Naari's belongings, but life for him has taken a back seat and he now has his hopes pinned on friend Pinkesh Kapoor (Karan Mehra), a part-time detective.
Back again to the foreground in the beginning, there is another typical Chandigarh couple which shares the first meet story. During their first meet, both the boy and the girl have a fight, particularly because the boy despises the girl's ambitions of being a fashion designer. However, the boy ends up unintentionally tearing off the back of the girl's designer gown-dress upon having slipped off a cherry ball on the floor which was being sqaushed by a man.
In comes another man, a fantastic character, Pinkesh, also nicknamed 'Pinku'. Initially a private detective, Pinku has had solved numerous cases, but the toughest case is that of Naari, since she is also one among his half-acquaintances. During the time when Dev was conversing on phone in the first scene, it was actually Pinku himself who was chasing Naari and also speaking to Dev. However, it is revealed that Pinku is also deeply infatuated with Naari, and has often supported her with cons. Also, it is unveiled that the person who tried to squash the cherry on the floor was also Pinku, who later chased Naari and found her, at last, with money belonging to her target. After a few more dozen moves, Naari left, leaving Pinku still undaunted. She later went to Dev's house to empty her belongings from the huge house.
Returning to Dev's life, the story shows him visiting the bank to mortgage another loan, but the bank is raided by robbers, and while dealing with a crisis, he meets Palak Mehra (Gunjan Malhotra), the same girl he was capturing on his camera, who defends him against a haughty woman trying to falsely accuse him. The two get out, Dev thanks Palak, and asks Pinku to meet up at Velvet Lounge, a starry restaurant. Meanwhile, Palak's friend also arrives there, asking her to meet up at Velvet Lounge.
At night in Velvet Lounge, Palak's friend refuses to turn up, while Pinku and Dev do meet, but Pinku makes up a fake pretext of using the washroom and leaves Dev in the lurch, and Dev doesn't have money to pay. Meanwhile, Palak too does not have money to pay. However, they meet each other in a funny manner, with Palak perceiving him as a chicken-bait and Dev perceiving her as Goddess Lakshmi. Both have a fat meal, but when it comes to payment, Dev tokens away his car keys and Palak her ring, which she wanted to wear off after her fiancé left her.
Dev and Palak walk on foot to Dev's house where she admires its scenic beauty. Palak asks to change her clothes and occupies Naari's room. Naari turns up at that moment, when Dev asks her to empty her room else he will throw away everything in her room. Palak returns, notices Naari and condemns her and soon takes a taxi.
It is further revealed that when Dev had phoned him to reach Velvet Lounge, Pinku was at Dev's house, hidden away in the bathroom since he was helping Naari procure her passport and bags before she could leave.
A rewind back to Pinku's escape from Velvet Lounge reveals the character who had been narrating the story all this time : Haryanvi Don Jassi Chaudhary (Sharib Hashmi). It is revealed that while Pinku was chasing Naari in the five-star hotel, the latter was with Jassi. Interestingly, the very same night when she ditched Dev, she met Jassi, who fell head over heels for her, and while he sang the lovebird songs, Naari eyed some lettuce which Jassi was supposed to give away to a local lord. A reformed gangster, Jassi, who, till then, was into a decent business, began suspecting Pinku of a false move and later discovered that it was he who had Naari escape.
Actually, it is further revealed that the money which Naari stole from Jassi comprised counterfeit notes, which she ferried in a bag. While Dev reached home with Palak that night, Naari hid herself behind a tree, and simultaneously, Jassi and his men also succeeded in spotting Naari. While she occupied Naari's room, Palak didn't literally freshen herself, but instead noticed the bag and unknowingly stuffed the cash bundles into her bag and purse, thinking she might get a government bank job for which her private banking firm demanded a bribe. Naari rushes into her room after Palak leaves, but is devastated to find her bag empty, where after, she notices Jassi, who forgives her and confesses his love for her. Naari realizes her mistake and reunites with Jassi. Meanwhile, Dev chases Palak, who is in a taxi, which is driven by Gurinder himself, and succeeds in earning her attention and affection. He starts dancing and an SUV car stops. He steps aside, the car leaves, and he starts dancing again, little knowing that Jassi and Naari were in the SUV.
Presently, Pinku, who was actually spared by Jassi's men whose entry into Velvet Lounge in his search offered Pinku the prerogative of escaping, is at Dev's house, lifting dumbbells and advising Dev against another rendezvous with Palak. While the two meet, they confess love for each other, and find hilariously that they had been running after fake bundles of cash!
The story returns to the same foreground in the beginning, where Dev and Palak have a one-on-one meet with the audience as a married couple. Jassi also stars here, revealing that Naari has now turned over a new leaf as a networking employee.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dev, though a self-proclaimed wise man finds comfort in being a loser, having given up on life as a result of a love gone wrong. A life changing event takes him on a journey to a coffee plantation. There he meets Anika,once the love of his life, now his boss. Love blooms in an idyllic setting, bringing Dev out of his self-imposed funk and Dev finds a new reason to live. A terrible misunderstanding pushes him into taking drastic measures. Much is at stake as the yearly bloom is round the corner. And Dev is confronted with his past, present and future – all at once.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A couple, Meera (Anushka Sharma) and Arjun (Neil Bhoopalam), are enjoying a party, where Meera gets an urgent work call from her office. On the way, she is attacked by some street punks who smash her car's window. Meera manages to escape but is shaken by the incident. Arjun suggests a road trip for Meera's upcoming birthday. The couple starts their journey the next day. While stopping at a roadside dhaba for lunch, a petrified young girl Pinky (Tanya Purohit Dobhal) arrives and pleads for help, saying a few men are about to kill her. Meera shakes her off but they see a gang of men round up the same girl and a boy, beat them savagely and drag them to an SUV. Arjun intervenes but Satbir (Darshan Kumar), the gang leader slaps Arjun and asks him to keep off by saying that the girl is his own sister. As the horrified couple watches, the gang drives off in the SUV. Despite Meera's pleadings, Arjun feels compelled to act and drives after the gang since he cannot digest the casual cruelty he saw. On a deserted area off the National Highway, the couple witnesses a brutal honor killing of the young boy and the girl Pinky. Terrified, Arjun and Meera attempt to flee but the gang finds them. As the gang digs the boy's grave, Satbir shoots Pinky. A fight ensues and Arjun shoots Chhotey (Ravi Beniwal), one of the gang members. The gang is enraged and the couple run for their lives.
At night, the couple finds themselves face to face with one of the gang members. As Arjun gets injured by one of the gang members, Meera shoots him dead. They make it to a railway bridge, where Meera tells Arjun to wait till she gets help. She finds a police station where she asks a policeman to help as they have witnessed an honor killing – at the mention of that term, the cop throws Meera out of the station. On the way, a Police Inspector (Sushil Tyagi) meets her in his Maruti Gypsy and on her request, he starts driving back to where Arjun is lying injured. By his talks and behaviour, Meera realizes that the Police Inspector is also in collusion with her attackers. She manages to stab him in his eyes, killing him and drives off the Gypsy, with the gang chasing her in their SUV. As they find her overturned Gypsy, Meera stumbles off and finds a labourer's hut. The labourer and his wife protect her from the gang member Fauji (Ravi Jhankal) who comes asking about her and advise her to go to the chief (Sarpanch) of the nearby village.
Meera reaches the village's Chief Ammaji (Deepti Naval), to whom she tells her story. Ammaji's mood changes the moment she hears of the honor killing and a puzzled Meera looks around to see a pillow cover on Ammaji's lap with the word 'Pinky' stitched on it and a photograph of the dead girl in the room. Ammaji rapidly locks her in the room and calls the gang. As they arrive Ammaji criticizes them for a shabby job and hands Meera over to them. They drag her out and beat her in the courtyard in order to kill her. However, she manages to escape with their SUV and rushes to the railway bridge to find that Arjun has been murdered brutally by the gang.
Meera shrieks in grief and rage and returns to the village to avenge Arjun's death, where she drives the SUV ruthlessly into two gang members, killing them instantly. Then she kills the other gang members too. Ammaji arrives and gasps, seeing all the men dead. She says Pinky was her own daughter but she broke rules and needed to be punished so they did what had to be done. Meera echoes her words and leaves the village as dawn breaks.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mandar Ponkshe (Gulshan Devaiah), a typical youth, is a sex addict and a player. Now he's in his early 30s, he is only interested in 'scoring' one night stands while his friends are all married with kids. The movie opens with one such scene where his friends tell him to get married as he is too old to screw around. In his turn, Mandar explains his philosophy about sex as a purely physical act, somewhat akin to the satisfaction of the 'perfect' bowel movement. He feels that love is a different ball game and isn't necessary for sex. He is later shown attempting to pick up a young girl at a bar, but is chased away by the girl's male companions.
The narration now moves back several years to Mandar's early teenage years. The year 1989, Mandar along with his cousin Dilip (nicknamed Yusuf) visits his village in Maharashtra where their cousin Kshitij is already waiting for them. 15 year old Kshitij is studying in a military school and is mature beyond his years in his views and aspects about marriage, love and sex. By the end of their vacation Mandar realises that he is no longer a kid. His life becomes more exotic as he starts to woo girls, watching adult films and fantasizing about ladies.
Later in the year 1995, Mandar is now grown up and he is an engineering student in Pune. There also he is accompanied by his cousins Dilip and Kshitij; the latter is an army officer by now. Mandar stalks Parul (Veera Saxena) only for having sex with her. While making out in the hostel room, they are caught by the warden and Mandar gets expelled from the hostel, leading him to rent a small flat. There he meets a beautiful housewife Jyotsna (Sai Tamhankar) and sets his sights on her. The dapper Kshitij, in the meanwhile, beds a steady parade of stunning girls at Mandar's flat. In a side plot, one of Kshitij's many girlfriends has a friend Anju who is being sexually abused by her own father. Incensed on learning of this heinous act, Kshitij beats up the father and takes Anju and her kid brother away and even helps them. The ordinary looking Anju has a maturity and strength that gradually makes Kshitij fall in love with her. In an amusing scene, Mandar and Dilip talk about how Kshitij didn't fall for any of the pretty girls he was seeing, but fell in love with a plain girl. They both conclude that love is blind. Kshitij marries Anju and they eventually have a son.
Getting back to Mandar's dalliance with Jyotsana, their casual flirting gradually reaches a point where they start an affair. Hers is a sexless marriage as she's married to an obese, buffoonish man named Deepak. Jyotsna needed sexual fulfillment which she finds later in Mandar. Their furtive affair carries on for a while, Jyotsana visiting Mandar's flat from time to time, before Deepak finds out. Once again Mandar is forced to shift residences and finally ends up staying with Dilip. In 1996, Mandar meets Parul again in order to keep in touch with her and is left heartbroken when he finds her with another guy, Alok.
After college, Mandar is shown working in software and is involved in a booty call arrangement with an older married woman who goes by Savita Bhabhi. After years of loveless one night stands, he takes Dilip's advise and decides to meet some girls through matrimonial sites. His strategy of being honest about his past affairs upsets most potential matches who are orthodox, stuck-up girls. When he finally meets Tripti (Radhika Apte), he is so smitten by her that he decides not be honest, but instead projects a whiter-than-snow image. This almost backfires, as Tripti turns out to be a very open-minded girl who has no hang-ups about her own past and admits to having been in relationships before. Now stuck in a lie, Mandar has to continue projecting himself as an orthodox man. All the same, the two continue to meet and start liking each other.
In the due course, Kshitij is killed in an encounter with insurgents in Kashmir. Mandar again is left heartbroken from losing his cousin and friend. This incident brings Tripti close to him as she comforts him. They eventually get engaged, but Mandar is having a tough time with the idea of monogamy. He has one last encounter with Savita Bhabhi. Worst still, while on an errand to pick up a distant relative from the airport, Mandar assumes that the person hasn't turned up and instead tries to pick up an attractive woman who turns out to be the distant relative. Embarrassed and shamed, Mandar barely gets out of the situation by the skin of his teeth.
At this point, Tripti's ex-boyfriend Chaxx (Suraj Jagan) enters the equation. Cool, suave and charming, Chaxx is all that Mandar is not. That, and Tripti's history with Chaxx trouble him no end and make him insecure to the point where he assumes that Tripti is leaving him for Chaxx. Mandar decides to confess the truth about his sex obsession to Tripti and does so. Tripti also reveals that she got pregnant when she was with Chaxx and there is nothing between him and Tripti now as they broke up. Tripti makes it clear to Mandar that Chaxx abandoned her when she needed him the most and therefore she can never take him back. She also tells him that Mandar is her present and she wants a future with him.
The film concludes with Mandar very happy as he is getting married to the girl he loved as he narrates the mishaps between Tripti and himself to his cousin Dilip.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prem (Adhyayan Suman) a medical student of Lucknow attends his friend's wedding and falls in love with Sunaina (Karishma Kotak). It is love at first sight and Prem wants to marry Sunaina; he even fights her brother Krishna who shares a close bond with his sister. Prem swears to marry Sunaina in the next 10 days and manages to keep his word. Prem is depressed and is not able to concentrate on work when Professor K.K (Sharat Saxena) scolds him. He later consoles Prem and asks him to focus on his studies since he is a very bright student and the professor wants him to top the MBBS exams. At Sunaina's home, everyone is very upset and Sunaina decides that she would find Prem and bring him to justice to stop the entire family's suffering. She swears that she would only come back once she finds Prem. Meanwhile KK plays love guru which gives the movie a pleasant feel.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dharampal (Paresh Rawal) is an atheist living in a Hindu household. He is very stereotypical towards Muslims. He starts his days with the old songs of a Punjabi Sikh pop singer Manjeet Manchala (Gippy Grewal), who has now stopped producing albums and disappeared mysteriously. As well as this, he has regular arguments with a Muslim man named Nawab Mehmood Nazim Ali Shah Khan Bahadur (Annu Kapoor) who happens to live in the same area as him. Dharampal later visits his late mother's bank vault to collect her belongings. He then finds adoption papers certifying he was adopted in 1960 and that his biological parents were Muslims. This shocks him, considering how much he dislikes Muslims, and he decides to keep this a secret. Eventually, he admits to Nawab that he is also a Muslim, and that he must find his real father in order to speak to him. They discover that his father is in critical condition due to old age, living in a senior home. The Imaam taking care of his father tells Dharampal that if his father saw that his only son has been brought up as a non-Muslim, it could cause severe damage to his health. Therefore, he tells Dharampal to learn how to become a true Muslim and come back to meet his father once he is ready.
With the help of Shah, he begins to learn the ways of Muslim people. However, the Imaam declines Dharampal's request to meet his father once again, claiming he is still not coming across as a true Muslim. Meanwhile, Dharampal's son falls in love with a young girl named Shraddha and in order to marry her, he must have her father accept him and his family. Shraddha's father is a devout follower of a spiritual baba named Neelanand (Naseeruddin Shah). To help him impress Shraddha's father, he asks Dharampal to also follow Neelanand and become spiritual. However, at one occasion, Dharampal ends up admitting publicly that he is a born Muslim. Dharampal's family and Shraddha's father witness this, and Neelanand advises Shraddha's father not to have his daughter marry Dharampal's son. Due to this, Dharampal's family leave him. A case is lodged against Dharampal for offending Muslims, and in the court, the Immam comes and gives character witness of how Dharampal detests Islam. His witness backfires when Nawaab, now Dharampal's attorney, accuses the Immam of trying to wrongfully convert Dharampal to Islam.
The court gives permission to Dharampal to see his ailing father. However, before they arrive at the senior home, his father has already died. Furious over the whole situation, Dharampal tries to bring down Neelanand, the main cause of most of his troubles. He then accidentally discovers that Neelanand Baba's eye twitches due to Blepharospasm, a very rare abnormality causing contraction of the eyelid, which the Punjabi pop singer Manjeet Manchala also suffered from. This reminds Dharampal that Manchala had disappeared years ago, and then matches the voices of Manchala and Neelanand, confirming they are the same person. He then crashes an event of Neelanand and reveals to a large audience how Neelanand Baba is actually a born Sikh and has been a fraud and characterless pop-singer with various cases lodged against him for adulterous relationships with many women. He gives a speech on how the religion a person follows should not matter as long as they are acting rightfully. Dharampal's family finally returns and his son is allowed to marry Sharaddha.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts with Karan (Jay Bhanushali) moving to a new house in Mumbai along with his friends. Karan is a singer and musician who often helps his sister Radhika with music for her fashion shows. Radhika (Shivani Tanksale), is a fashion photographer who wants to get Meera (Sunny Leone) for her shows with the help of her friend Andy (VJ Andy). They both discover that Meera is afraid of travelling in an aeroplane, but take her to India through aeroplane by making her drink. Meera discovers the truth and gets angry. Meanwhile, her mood changes as she sees rajasthani girls playing a traditional game and starts to play with them.
Meanwhile, in Mumbai, Karan has persistent dreams of someone whipping him. In an attempt to figure why, his friend takes him to a Pandit (Nadi-Shakti Scholar) who tells him that his pain is rooted in his past life.
While in India, Meera meets Ranveer Singh (Mohit Ahlawat), a Rajput prince, in Rajasthan. The two eventually fall in love and get married. Ranveer is in middle of a property dispute with his cousin Bikram Singh (Jas Arora).
Karan travels through his past and figures out that he was Shravan (Rajneesh Duggal), 300 years ago. He was in love with a girl named Leela (also played by Sunny Leone) but his master, an artist, Bhairao (Rahul Dev) adopts her as his muse. Bhairao makes a statue of Leela and discovers that Leela is in love with Shravan. In a fit of rage, Bhairao kills both Shravan and Leela.
Karan goes to Bhairao Virajana (a place of dispute between Ranveer and Bikram). Karan tries to remind Meera about their past but Meera does not believe him. Karan plays a song "Tere Bin" that takes Meera back into their past and she recollects her past life.
Meera and Karan get kidnapped by Bikram who is looking for a statue that Bhairao made. The current market value of the statue is 10 billion and Bikram wants to keep the money for himself. Karan reveals that the statue was hidden behind a wall. When Bikram gets to the statue, he is killed by Ranveer.
It turns out Karan was wrong all along. He was actually the reincarnation of Bhairao and not of Shravan (who got reincarnated in Ranveer). Karan tries to redeem his ills by committing suicide but Meera and Ranveer don't let him. Karan's album "Tere Bin" gets him fame. Meera and Ranveer unite.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Laila (Kalki Koechelin) is a teenager with cerebral palsy who uses a wheelchair. She is a student at Delhi University and an aspiring writer who writes lyrics and creates electronic sounds for an indie band at the university. Laila falls for the lead singer of the college band and is heartbroken when she is rejected.
She soon overcomes this phase, when she gets a scholarship for a semester at New York University and moves there with her traditional Maharashtrian mother Shubhangini(Revathi). Living in Manhattan, she meets an attractive young man named Jared (William Moseley) in her creative writing class, who is assigned to help her in typing. She also meets the fiery young activist Khanum (Sayani Gupta), a blind girl of a Pakistani Bangladeshi descent, whom she later falls in love with. As she embarks on a journey of sexual discovery, she figures out she is bisexual, as she feels attracted to men like Jared while also being with Khanum. She has sex with Jared and she doesn't tell Khanum. Laila's mother, believing the two are like best friends and oblivious to the fact that Khanum is her daughter's lover, invites her to Delhi to spend the winter break with the family. It is during that time that Laila finds the courage to tell her mother about her sexuality and her relationship with Khanum, which her mother initially disapproves. She also tells Khanum that she had sex with Jared and asks her to forgive her. Khanum thinks that she was being used by Laila and leaves her.
After a short while Laila's mother falls sick and she learns that her mother had fourth stage colon cancer which has fallen into relapse after previous treatments. Later Laila and her mother patch up and come to terms with each other. After her mother dies Laila plays a recorded speech at her mother's funeral telling how much she loved her and how she was the only one who ever understood her.
The story ends with Laila going on a date, with herself, signifying that she now has taken control of her life and doesn't need anyone else to love and care for her. The movie revolves around very delicate aspects of this modern life and teaching society how its better to adhere and accept the changing rituals.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with the Anti Terrorist Department in the middle of an assignment. A terrorist takes a bus full of people on hostage. Raghuram "Raghu" Rathod (Emraan Hashmi) supported by the brave officer Siya Verma (Amyra Dastur) accomplish the operation. This could have almost killed Raghu who is engaged to Siya. After the operation Siya tells Raghu she cannot handle life's unpredictability and the thought of being away from him. He asks his hand in marriage and the two are betrothed. On the day before their marriage, the two are summoned by ACP Bhardwaaj (Arunoday Singh). There is a plot to kill the chief minister of the state and both are put to duty. Bhardwaaj hatches a plot such that Raghu is compelled to murder the CM. If he doesn't kill the CM, then a sniper will murder Siya who is on duty at another location. Left with no choice, Raghu murders the CM upon a confrontation from the latter's son Aditya. He tries to flee but gets cornered by Bhardwaaj and his man Tiwari. The three take Raghu to a run down factory and almost kill him there.
However, as luck would have it, Raghu doesn't die but is charred completely. He reaches out to Popo (Tanmay Bhat), his friend from office whose sister works at a lab. When there, his sisters explain to them that there is a severe case of radiation and there is no cure for it. There is an untested potion which he swallows but this causes a complete cell regeneration from the scratch which causes him to become invisible in all lights except black light and direct sun light.
Meanwhile, Siya begins believing that Raghu killed the CM and starts hating him. She plunges into more and more work to avoid feeling the pain of heartbreak. When Raghu regains his composure, he wants to kill those who landed him into a situation like that. The first on his target is Tiwari. After a drunken night when Tiwari is driving home, Raghu finds him and says that he will kill him in 24 hours. A very panicky Tiwari narrates this to his colleagues who don't take him seriously. Siya tries to protect him but fails when the invisible Raghu kills him. But Siya discovers Raghu. She tries to tap him via Popo but cannot as Raghu escapes from Siya's arrest.
Meanwhile, Raghu's next target is Aditya whose security is entrusted on Siya. Raghu after a long battle with Siya manages to kill him as well. But Siya is not willing to back down. When senior authorities give the responsibility of shooting down Mr. X in an encounter she backs out from it. Raghu gets drawn towards her love and the two spend a few special days with each other. The duo go for lunch to a quiet place and Raghu notices that the place is empty. Before he knows it, the place is attacked by the police and Raghu is arrested.
Raghu is taken to a dilapidated place by Bhardwaj who wants to make sure Raghu is dead this time. Meanwhile, Popo who attempts a suicide after being attacked by Bhardwaj who wanted to get more information on Raghu, tells Siya that Bhardwaj had hatched a plan to kill Raghu. Siya goes to the place where Raghu and Bhardwaj engage in a duel. Siya urges Raghu to let Bhardwaj free. She later tricks Bhardwaj into a nerving confession recorded on camera by her father Devraj (Bikramjeet Kanwarpal) and exposes him at a press conference. When Bhardwaj tries to kill Siya, Raghu kills him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The gripping film is inspired by true stories of the mysterious conception of Nidhivan, a place near Mathura. The film is set against the backdrop of a road trip of four friends from Mumbai to Nidhivan, a place close to Mathura (Uttar Pradesh). The film shows the actual stay of teams inside nidhivan
-----------------------------------------------------------
Revolving around a middle-class family, Kaagaz Ke Fools touches upon the issue of lack of good novel writers.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The police get information that 10 tehsildars across Maharashtra have been mysteriously kidnapped. But they are mysteriously returned – except the most corrupt officer, who is hanged in public. The police get a CD from mystery man 'Gabbar' who says his mission is to target corrupt officers. Police driver Sadhuram (Sunil Grover) is convinced that he can crack the mystery of who is Gabbar – but his superior officers humiliate and insult him in front of all the other officers.
On his way home, Professor Aditya Singh Rajput (Akshay Kumar) is stopped by lawyer Shruti (Shruti Haasan), who makes him drive her and a pregnant woman to the hospital, but the woman delivers in the car with Shruti's help. When Shruti wants to thank Aditya for helping her, she finds he has already left. Sadhuram finds from the tehsil to the district offices that there's one honest officer in each department. He is convinced that all these honest officers have a link to Gabbar. Shruti and Aditya become close and one day, she gets hit by a scooter and Aditya takes her to Patil Hospital. Although not badly injured, doctors at Patil Hospital insist on taking expensive tests and Aditya realizes how helpless patients and their families are fleeced and often, inhumanly treated. A poor woman mourns her deceased husband in the civil hospital nearby. Aditya tells her he'll get her medical insurance. He deliberately checks in her dead husband as a patient to Patil Hospital. The hospital tries to swindle money out of Aditya by pretending to treat the already dead man, making Aditya pay heavily for tests and medicines. Aditya then shows them the death certificate, which proves that they knowingly admitted a dead man. The young owner of the hospital, Vikas Patil is furious when Aditya releases the video of the hospital's corruption to the media. However, Vikas is brutally and mercilessly murdered by an angry mob. His father, a powerful builder Digvijay Patil (Suman Talwar), sees Aditya in the hospital CCTV footage and is stunned to realize that this is the same man he had supposedly killed five years ago.
Aditya and Shruti attend a wedding where Aditya remembers his late wife Sunaina (Kareena Kapoor Khan) and how they moved into a new apartment when they were expecting a baby. While Aditya was outside playing Holi, the buildings in the colony collapsed and killed hundreds of people, including his wife and unborn child. Aditya collected proof of the faulty buildings against builder Digivijay Patil, but Patil bribed everyone and no one was willing to hear Aditya out. Digvijay tried to bribe Aditya by offering Rs one crore to spare the matter but Aditya spurned the offer and beat Digvijay severely but the latter attacked him with an axe and thought his blows had killed Aditya. However, a bus full of medical students found the unconscious Aditya on a highway and save his life. He then decides to use the power of young, idealistic, honest youth and trains students at National College to join his cause. Meanwhile, Sadhuram finds out that all the honest officers attended National College for graduation. Shruti finds out Aditya as Gabbar and is shocked but when he tells her the truth, she supports his cause.
CBI officer Kuldeep Pahwa (Jaideep Ahlawat) takes charge of the case and is mystified by the facts. He listens to Sadhuram's findings and they arrest National College students. But even upon being beaten, the students do not divulge anything about Gabbar. Shruti tells Kuldeep that because the law doesn't work, a vigilante like Gabbar is a hero for ordinary citizens today. Sadhuram changes his view of Gabbar. Patil kills an honest officer to terrorize others into passing his faulty building plans. The cops are sure that Gabbar will target Patil for this outrageous act – and he does. Patil throws a birthday party for himself at his farmhouse. As he cuts the cake, he spots Aditya in the crowd. The next moment, Aditya and his gang kidnap him, all wearing similar masks. As police search the city for Patil in vain, Aditya takes him to Patil's own mansion and tells him to call anyone to save himself – but the Home Minister tells him to not involve him, so that Gabbar doesn't come after him next. Aditya and Patil then have a violent clash and he kills Patil.
Aditya goes to the police to hand himself over for the murders. He is given the death penalty but there are huge public protests and enraged students block his jail van. Officer Pahwa requests him to speak to the students and he does, telling them to channel their anger against corruption and be the change society needs. As Aditya is taken to be hanged, Shruti breaks down, but he leaves, smiling, asking the hangman, Tera kya hoga, Kaalia- quoting the famous dialogue of the character Gabbar from the film Sholay.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Praveen Patel (Ram Kapoor) is a 45-year-old Gujarati NRI store-owner living with his wife and 20-something son in Kuala Lumpur. Though he loves his wife, Kokila (Suchita Trivedi), he is often annoyed by her over-religious and sometimes dominating nature. Patel has an enormous fascination for a Bollywood actress named Shanaya (Sunny Leone) and he avidly watches her movies, in privacy though.
Patel’s son, Jigar (Navdeep Chhabra), is in love with their neighbor Naina (Evelyn Sharma). Jigar is an aspiring musician and wants to marry Naina, but Kokila doesn’t approve her as Naina is “too modern” and she wants a “traditional, homely Gujarati” daughter-in-law.
Destiny brings Shanaya from Mumbai to Kuala Lumpur, where she is the “prize” for a Valentine’s day competition, and the winner of the contest gets a date with her. For Patel, this is his dream come true moment that he has been waiting for his entire life. He leaves no stone unturned to win the contest and eventually succeeds and secures a date with Shanaya. Before leaving for Kuala Lumpur, Shanaya signs a movie playing the role of a “middle class Gujarati wife” and in order to do proper justice to the role, her director advises to live with a Gujarati family for while to bring her role to life. While Patel is on a date with Shanaya, she considers living with Patel’s family for a few days, as Patel lies to her he lives just with his father and also lies that he’s not married yet.
Patel makes Jigar as his fake father and Jigar gets Naina to be Patel’s fake mother. Patel fakes a family emergency back home in India and puts Kokila on the first flight back to India before Shanaya’s arrival to his house. Shanaya finally comes to live with Patel’s family. Patel cherishes every moment she spends in his house, profoundly flirting and getting affectionate towards with her.
One night, when Patel is dancing in the rain with Shanaya, Kokila suddenly arrives home, while Patel is unaware that she’s back in the house. Next morning, Patel’s friend brings a “Kenyan” woman to his house, who could teach garba to Shanaya. She is, in fact, Kokila in disguise, and Patel fails to recognize her. Meanwhile, Patel gets possessive and jealous as he feels Shanaya is ignoring him and spending more time with her co-actor. When Patel notices Shanaya grooving to music with a band, he gets extremely upset and bawls at her, “When you have time to do all this, you have time for parties, you have time for your co-actor, why don’t you have the time for me? Have you ever asked me if I’m okay or not, even once?”Shanaya feels insulted and gets outraged, and packs her suitcase to leave his house. She explains, “If we were together, would you be able to adjust to the lifestyle of an actress. Would you be able to control yourself when people stare at me? No. Because you’re insecure. It takes a strong, secure man to marry an actress.” She leaves the house.
When Patel gets back from work, he is surprised to see a wedding is being arranged for him and he is groom. He is very confused and assumes he is about to get married to Shanaya. Shanaya gets that “Kenyan” woman and asks Patel to marry her. Patel confesses that he lied to her and tells her that he can’t marry her or that “Kenyan” woman. He says, “I’m already married. I love my wife very much. Please forgive me.” The “Kenyan” woman reveals that she’s Kokila and Shanaya explains that they set up this entire situation, when Kokila returned to the house. Jigar and Naina get engaged on that occasion. When Shanaya gets ready to leave, she says, “(Living with you), I’ve learnt more about life, than my role.”
-----------------------------------------------------------
Piku Banerjee (Deepika Padukone) is a Bengali architect residing in Delhi, with her 70-year-old father, Bhashkor (Amitabh Bachchan). Bhashkor has problems with chronic constipation and traces every problem to his bowel movements. His habits often lead to quarrels with the servants and irritates Chhobi Mashi (Moushumi Chatterjee), who often visits them. Piku loves her father and, as her mother has died, takes good care of him but gets extremely irritated with him at times because of his eccentricities. Her colleague, Syed Afroz (Jisshu Sengupta) is a good friend, and she is a regular client of Syed's friend, Rana Chaudhary's (Irrfan Khan) taxi business. Rana has his own family problems with his mother and sister.
Piku wants to sell their ancestral home in Kolkata, Champakunj, but Bhashkor objects vehemently and decides to go to Kolkata. Piku has to accompany him, since she cannot let him travel alone. Bhashkor brings up his constipation problem and decides to travel by road. Due to Piku being very problematic with other drivers of Rana, they back away before Piku's trip. Piku, disappointed with the agency tries to book a flight, but soon, Rana arrives at their home to take the family to Kolkata himself, without informing his family about the trip.
On the way, the group encounters many incidents, including Rana on the verge of losing patience due to Bhashkor's fussy behaviour and constipation. They finally reach Kolkata, where Piku's relatives live in the old house and Bhashkor asks Rana to stay for some time. Piku and Rana go out in the city and gradually grow close. Rana also subtly hints not to sell the house during a discussion.
Rana leaves Kolkata the next day and asks Bhashkor to stop his eccentricities which he eventually listens to. Piku changes her mind and decides not to sell the house. Meanwhile, Bhashkor's sudden desire to bicycle increases as he cycles through a part of the city alone, leaving everyone tense since he did not tell them about it. When Bhashkor returns, Piku berates him for eating street food and for being irresponsible, but he simply states that his constipation is cleared and he needs to bicycle every day. He remembers Rana who had told him to eat everything and not be choosy and picky about food. Piku is secretly happy but does not emote much.
The next day, everyone discovers that Bhashkor has died in his sleep, probably from sleep apnea or cardiac arrhythmia. Piku states that he always wanted a peaceful death. She returns to Delhi, where she arranges his funeral. There, Dr. Srivastava (Raghubir Yadav), Bhashkor’s doctor, reveals to her that Syed, too, has constipation and Bhashkor knew about it for a long time. A few days later, she pays up whatever due she owes Rana. She renames the Delhi house "Bhaskor Villa" in her father’s memory and the maid, who had left due to Bhashkor’s tantrums, returns to work.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in 1960s Bombay, the film tells the story of Balraj (Ranbir Kapoor), a street fighter/boxer who is in love with the jazz singer Rosie. Seeing Rosie (Anushka Sharma) with wealthy men further sparks his dream of becoming a "big-shot", believing that if he manages to become rich, he might win Rosie's heart. Balraj and his friend Chimman (Satyadeep Misra) then catch the eye of Kaizad Khambatta (Karan Johar), a wealthy businessman who is impressed by Balraj and offers him to manage his club "Bombay Velvet", which Khambatta uses to further his illegal tasks and activities. He also nicknames Balraj "Johnny", which then becomes his identification. As well as this, Johnny and Chimman fulfill minor tasks for Khambatta, including capturing a dirty photograph of a minister who Khambatta wants to blackmail. This news reaches Jimmy Mistri, a media reporter, who also happens to be the same wealthy man Johnny had previously seen with Rosie.
Remembering that Johnny had a crush on Rosie, Mistri takes advantage of this and sends Rosie to Johnny's club to get her hands on the photograph of the minister. However, Rosie and Johnny eventually fall in love, until Mistri threatens to reveal Rosie's true identity to Johnny. Therefore, Rosie begins to supply information about Johnny & Khambatta's activities to Mistri. After a photograph of a secret meeting between Bombay's big-shots is leaked, Khambatta guesses that it was Rosie supplying the information and orders her to be killed. Johnny hears of this and forms an enmity with Khambatta, the man who brought him into the crime world.
Johnny fakes Rosie's death and makes her act as if she is her long dead twin sister Rita. But soon Khambatta realises the truth, kidnaps Rosie and tries to kill Johny and they get into a standoff at Bombay Velvet. Khambatta shoots Rosie to provoke Johnny. Johnny angry at this stabs Khambatta and is himself shot dead while trying to carry Rosie to the hospital, outside the club. It is revealed at the start of the end credits that Rosie survives her gunshot.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In London, four years later in their marriage, Tanu and Manu visit a mental rehabilitation center where they start bickering at each other. Because of Tanu's various allegations, Manu gets enraged, and is later taken by the doctors into custody suspecting his mental health. Tanu's friend Payal calls her from India and tells Tanu that she gave birth to a baby girl. Being alone at city, Tanu decides to return to her hometown, Kanpur. While leaving London, Tanu rings Manu's friend Pappi in Delhi and tells him to come to London and release Manu.
In Kanpur in her parents home, Tanu finds a crafty law student called Chintu has become a lodger who refuses to pay or leave. Chintu befriends Tanu and slowly develops a crush on her, being bemused by her antics. Tanu also comes to know that her ex-boyfriend, Raja Awasthi (Jimmy Shergill), is getting engaged to another girl. Pappi reaches London and gets Manu out and they reach India, where Manu sends a legal notice to Tanu to make her apologize, but she does not respond.
One day Manu goes to Delhi University to give a medical speech, where he sees Kusum, a young Haryanvi student-athlete, who looks like Tanu. He slowly gets obsessed with Kusum and keeps following her despite Pappi's warning. One day after Kusum confronts them, Manu tells her about Tanu. Kusum sympathises and they gradually develop feelings for each other. Manu tells Kusum he wants to marry her and meets Omi, her elder brother. Omi has no issues with Manu but shows a picture of the boy his wife wanted Kusum to marry, who turns out to be Raja. Payal calls Tanu and confides that her newborn baby's father is not her husband Jassi.
Chintu gets jealous of Raja going around with Tanu and tells her father about it. He even sends Manu a nasty legal notice for a divorce, without Tanu's consent, but Manu responds by agreeing, which shocks Tanu. She confronts Chintu who says he loves her but Raja shoves him off. Raja also discovers his engagement is being called off as Manu is going to marry the new girl in his life. Both Raja and Tanu are enraged and decide to go to Delhi to confront Manu.
Manu, Kusum and Pappi travel to Chandigarh to convince Komal, Payal's sister-in-law whom Pappi loves, to run away from her wedding with Pappi instead. There Kusum is mistaken by everyone at the wedding as Tanu, including by Payal, who tells her she had a test-tube baby secretly as Jassi had azoospermia. Kusum gets frantic on hearing these secrets and gives Payal a karate chop which knocks her out. She also gives Komal a karate chop too and they smuggle her to Jhajjar, where Kusum's villagers are waiting. But once her family finds out she loves Manu, they attack Manu and Pappi and lock up Kusum. Omi arrives and saves the day with his logic. The village agrees to Kusum and Manu's marriage.
As wedding preparations start Tanu and Raja reach there with Jassi, Payal, their baby and Manu's parents. Tanu makes fun of Kusum who snaps at her saying she is a state-level champion who is independent, loving and honest. She also reveals the truth behind Payal's baby in front of Jassi. A shocked and drunk Tanu meets Manu at night who brutally brushes off her love. In the morning, Tanu tells Kusum she is sorry about her behaviour and would like to stay and help at their wedding.
Payal and Jassi are reunited. On the wedding evening, Tanu gets drunk and dances in front of Manu in the baraat. Her parents arrive with Chintu and are shocked to see Tanu shattered as Manu leaves for his marriage. Tanu sits quietly as Manu is marrying Kusum, until Kusum stops and confronts Manu, who confesses he still loves Tanu and cannot marry Kusum. Kusum honourably releases him and walks off, to break down privately.
Tanu and Manu are joyously reunited. Kusum comes out to find drunken Chintu, delivering an angry speech. She gives him a karate chop.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ishqedarriyaan is a story about love, sacrifice, family values and relationships. Rishteydarriyaan means relationships and Ishqedarriyaan signifies the relationship when one falls in love. Luvleen (Evelyn Sharma) is a teacher by profession who wants to collect donations for her grandfather’s school. Aagam Diwan (Mahaakshay Chakraborty) is a millionaire who loves his profession more than anything else. Mohit Dutta will play Arjun, a passionate singer.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story kicks off with two dumb and dumber friends, Shami (Arshad Warsi) a courtmartialed navy officer and Kedar (Jackky Bhagnani) a Gujarati who has been denied an American visa multiple times. Both plan to sail to the USA using a boat but, with a twist of fate, end up on the beach of Karachi, Pakistan. On realizing the truth they both try to escape, while being chased by an ISI Agent (Lauren Gottlieb). Both get kidnapped by a local don Azher Baluch, who demands ransom from Kedar's father and later releases them in a pathan colony to collect fake passports. But Shami, messes up with a bunch of pathans over an India-Pakistan match. In the struggle to escape from pathans both meet a Talibani militant, who takes them to a Taliban camp where they are misunderstood as Talibani militants.
Few days later, Shami and Kedar plans to escape the camp by stealing camp leader's mobile phone, which was actually a detonator of a bomb designed by Taliban to attack US army. In attempt to dial a number Shami unknowingly triggers the bomb destroying the Talibani camp itself. Attracted by the explosions, a Drone arrives and the two are arrested by American Army. After knowing their situation both are released only to be captured by Pakistani intelligence, who wants to take the credit of attack on Taliban by announcing both Shami and Kedar as Pakistani soldiers.
Soon the two are declared as national heroes by Pakistani media while the Indian media claims them as Indians stuck in Pakistan. Caught in this tug of war Shami and Kedar are once again been kidnapped by American army, who promises to deport them to India if they could give the credit of Talibani camp attack to US Army in media. They agree and are been sent to Karachi Airport to finally catch a flight back to India. While waiting for their flight, Shami notices a Talibani militant disguised as an airlines pilot. Seeing a possibility of a terror attack they both decide to rescue, being backed by Pakistani army. During crossfire Shami and Kedar manage to overpower the militant and takes off with the plane, finally able to depart from Pakistan. The movie ends with both sitting in the cockpit only to find a strange voice behind them (possibly another militant).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kamal Mehra (Anil Kapoor) is a businessman who owns Ayka, a company on the verge of bankruptcy. He has a troubled relationship with his wife, Neelam (Shefali Shah) and his two children, Ayesha (Priyanka Chopra) and Kabir (Ranveer Singh). The Mehra family also includes their pet dog Pluto (voiced by Aamir Khan). Ayesha owns a successful business of her own, but is unhappy with her marriage to Manav Sangha (Rahul Bose), a controlling, narcissistic husband who, together with his mother Smita (Zarina Wahab), hates Ayesha's family. Kabir unwillingly participates in the family business even though he yearns to become a pilot.
In celebration of Kamal and Neelam's 30th wedding anniversary, they invite their family and friends for a 10-day cruise across the Mediterranean. Among their invitees are the Sood family, consisting of businessman Lalit Sood (Parmeet Sethi), his wife Naina (Dolly Mattdo) and their daughter Noori (Riddhima Sud). Kamal and Neelam plan to get Kabir married to Noori, in exchange for Lalit investing in Ayka.
On the cruise, Kabir meets dancer Farah (Anushka Sharma) and begins a romantic relationship with her. Noori, on the other hand, is in love with Rana Khanna (Vikrant Massey), the son of Vinod (Manoj Pahwa) and Vandana (Preeti Mamgain). The Khannas, however, are sworn enemies with the Soods, so Kabir and Noori decide to manipulate their parents into believing that they are dating each other, while continuing with their respective relationships. Ayesha considers divorcing her husband, whom she believes is incompatible with her. Her parents, however, are staunchly against it as they believe it will dishonour the family. Meanwhile, Sunny Gill (Farhan Akhtar), the son of Kamal's manager Amrish (Ikhlaque Khan), arrives on the ship. It is revealed that Sunny and Ayesha dated each other as teenagers. Kamal, who was unhappy with their relationship, arranged and paid for Sunny to study abroad to separate his daughter from Sunny. Ayesha realises that she still harbors feelings for Sunny who is now a successful journalist. He, unlike her husband, appreciates her strong personality and believes in female empowerment.
Neelam sees Kamal flirting with one of the female guests, and wonders why she did not divorce him despite his past infidelities. Ayesha confronts Sunny about his sudden departure and ends up kissing him, which she later regrets because she is married. Meanwhile, Farah hears that Kabir is planning on marrying Noori, and ends their relationship. Elsewhere, Kamal spots Noori making out with Rana and has a fit, after which he is rushed to the emergency room on-board. At the clinic, Kamal tells Kabir that he saw Noori with Rana and asks him to not be involved with her anymore. Kabir admits to his family that he knew about the couple all along and that he is in love with Farah, a dancer and a Muslim. He also tells them of his intention to leave the family business and asks them to consider Ayesha, who is actually interested in business. He also tries to persuade them to let her proceed with her divorce as she is not happy with the marriage, but Kamal and Neelam still refuse on the grounds of their belief that marriages are lifelong commitments. Infuriated, Kabir reveals to Kamal that Neelam, Ayesha and himself were all aware about his adulterous pursuits and that Neelam has been bearing his infidelities and suffering emotionally in silence to save family. Kamal asks Neelam why she hadn't divorced him and she reveals that she had no choice as her family wouldn't accept her back due to fear of dishonour. Kamal realises his mistake, asks for forgiveness and consoles her. Later, while in efforts to reconcile Manav and Ayesha, Kamal sees how Manav ill treats his daughter and asks him and his mother to leave immediately. He agrees to the divorce and asks Ayesha for forgiveness.
Kabir tries to persuade Farah to forgive him for lying to her, but she ends up getting fired from her job for being involved with a passenger and is told to leave the ship. Kabir finds out about her being fired after the ship has set sail. Seeing no other option, Kabir jumps off the ship, aided by Sunny, hoping that his family will rescue him and help him get to the shore. Kamal, Neelam, Ayesha and their dog Pluto eventually find a lifeboat to rescue him. While departing, Ayesha asks Sunny if he would wait for her to which he replies "forever". The family picks up Kabir and heads towards the shore while being chased by the ship's crew. The Mehra family is seen happy in each other's presence for the first time.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie opens with a woman Vasudha (Vidya Balan) getting off from the bus. At 15 km before the Bastar district, she stumbles and falls down after walking a few steps. An elderly man, Hari, sees a psychiatrist about hallucinations of his wife. He is then recruited by his daughter-in-law, who takes him to his wife's funeral. There, he steals her ashes and leaves a diary for his son.
The story then jumps to the past, where Vasudha is a single mother whose husband is missing for five years. Bound to traditions, she has been waiting for him since he left her. Vasudha meets Aarav Ruparel (Emraan Hashmi) in one of his hotels, where she works as a floral arranger. He creates a mock fire drill in order to watch the capabilities of the security department. Vasudha comes to save him. He offers her a job in his hotel in Dubai, which she refuses. Despite her refusal Aarav asks her to reconsider the offer. Vasudha gets to know from the police that her husband Hari (Rajkumar Rao) has murdered five American journalists and he is a member of a terrorist group. The police asks her to inform about Hari if he ever visits her. Worried for her son's future, she accepts the offer given by Aarav.
Despite knowing about Vasudha's past and her son, Aarav falls in love with her. Aarav tells Vasudha about his mother, who was a cabaret singer and a single parent and how she fell in love with a man who tried to commit suicide for failing to save them from poverty. Vasudha shuns his feelings saying that she belongs to someone else and leaves. Vasudha meets Aarav's mother on his request where she accepts Aarav's love and both unite. They both spend romantic moments together. Aarav gives a divorce paper to Vasudha before dropping her home. Vasudha then encounters Hari at home, and tells him about Aarav. Hari then storms out in anger where he is arrested by the police and later jailed for being a wanted criminal. Vasudha asks Aarav to save Hari as he is innocent. Aarav tries to save Hari by bribing the home minister who reveals that Hari himself accepted his crime. Vasudha refuses to marry Aarav because Hari's action tells her that he sacrifices his life for them to be together. It is then revealed to Aarav that Hari deliberately accepts his crime so that Vasudha will live in guilt as she will think Hari sacrificed himself for their love. In order to free Vasudha out of her guilt, Aarav travels to Bastar where Hari is accused of killing, to prove Hari's innocent. Aarav meets Father Dayal who explains what happened with the journalists and reveals Hari's innocence. On the way back to Mumbai, Aarav smells the scent of the same flowers which first caused him to meet Vasudha. Following the scent, he goes into the jungle, not knowing that the place has mines. He accidentally steps on one of the mines. Realising his predicament, Aarav smiles just before taking his foot off the mine. Vasudha receives the news of Aarav's death and is shattered. Vasudha leaves Hari, who searches for her for two years. After finding her, she reveals to him that she knows about his fake sacrifice and tells him that she is not afraid of any traditions and boundaries. He warns her that she will come back to him one day. Hari waits for Vasudha twenty-one years in vain.
Back in the present, it is now clear that the woman who gets off the bus is Vasudha and she wanted to be reunited with Aarav where he died. In the end Hari takes Vasudha's ashes to scatter them at the forest of Bastar where Aarav died. Thus Aarav and Vasudha reunite after death.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Suresh 'Suru' Mukund (Varun Dhawan) wants to be a big dancer to fulfill his mother's wish. Vinnie (Shraddha Kapoor) wants to be the best hip-hop dancer. Childhood friends from suburban Nalasopara, Mumbai, they form a team and participate in a national level competition Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin where they are disqualified from the grand finale as their moves are revealed to be copied from the performance act of the Philippine All Stars and the judges term them cheaters. Everyone departs to search for jobs. Suru returns to work in a bar as a waiter, Vinnie rejoins a beauty parlour and Vernon (Sushant Pujari) gets back as a delivery boy where, on and off, they are insulted as cheaters. The departure of angry teammates adds insult to injury, and nothing is set to be corrected.
Suru hopes to remove the negative tag by planning to win a grander hip-hop competition in Las Vegas. One day he watches Vishnu (Prabhudeva) prove his dance mettle to a betting visitor in the bar Hari Bala and convinces him repeatedly to be their choreographer. They audition for people and formulate the team. They visit the qualifiers in Bangalore, where they are pre-insulted as cheaters, but manage to win it after Vishnu begs the audience for one last chance for the team. Although things are fine, Suru is broken when Shetty Anna (Murli Sharma), the owner of the bar where he is employed, refuses to provide him financial support extending to Rs. 25 lakhs, something he had earlier publicly promised to Suru at the time of the Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin finale, and Suru leaves the place, angry at Anna's insulting language for Vinnie. However, Vishnu manages to get the money from Crocxz's (Raghav Juyal) uncle who he convinces, after Suru loses hope when Vishnu gets angry at his inability to arrange team funds. Later they prepare to go to Las Vegas, but Vinod (Punit Pathak), a deaf-mute dancer, learns that Vishnu has ulterior motives to go to Vegas, and, as a matter of fact, he had deliberately impressed Suru and friends to procure a way out for his plan. In Las Vegas they win the qualifiers. Later Vishnu leaves the hotel with team money to meet his son Manu (Jineet Rath), whose mother, Swati (Tisca Chopra) is married to another man and has moved on in life. He talks to Manu and leaves with a contented heart.
In the meantime, Vinnie gets injured due to excessive rehearsal and is replaced by Olive (Lauren Gottlieb), and Vishnu discovers this while thanking friend Gopi (Ganesh Acharya), who works in a bar-cum-hotel. At the same time, Suru is enraged when he finds Vishnu missing and tries to proceed with jam sessions all on his own, but in vain. Vishnu returns while trying to save the day for Suru from the German team as they get into a fight, later admitting he had made a 'mistake' leaving without permission although he didn't want to lose a family he had yearned to create in years, apologizes, is forgiven by Suru, and the team enters the finals. Across rehearsals, Olive gets close to Suru and a jealous Vinnie tells Suru she loves him. Although Olive has feelings for Suru, an in-person conversation with Vinnie assures Olive that Suru had that inherent charm with nothing to do about his sweetness, and she agrees to continue with the Indian Stunners after Vinnie recovers. The team enters the final, where Vinod's health worsens during a fictitious assemblage and the Indian Stunners end up making this grave mistake in the formation only to fall down, since D (Dharmesh Yelande) knew about Vinod's tuberculosis problem. Everyone has almost given up after the accident, when Vinod tries to encourage Suru, who forgoes the accident and the others return to make the formation with success with Vinod at the bottom. They didn't win the competition butthey won the hearts of millions, with Suru lending a voiceover narrative about his mother's motivational lessons on dance.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sualaal is head of the village, Tanakpur. He is wealthy, chauvinist & impotent. He has married at a late age & his wife Maya is much younger to him. They tend to ignore each other. Arjun a young lad of the village, wins her heart & they meet when Sualaal is not around. Arjun's father gives him lifetime's saving so that he can secure a job in the Police. Sualaal doubts her & since he returns home in an inebriated state he is never able to prove anything. He is nonetheless angry over the fact that his wife mocks him for impotency & having an affair. One fine day one of his cronies spots Maya & Arjun together & he receives severe thrashing for this. On day of his sister's wedding when everyone is at the wedding, Arjun snicks into Sualaal's home to meet Maya. Saulaal when finds Arjun missing from the wedding, immediately heads to his home and severely thrashes him. He is restrained by his cronies, when they tell him that if he creates more chaos people would come to know of his wife's affair. This would bring ill-repute to him. So he decides to frame him in a rape case of his buffalo "Miss Tanakpur". All the evidences are forged & Saulaal wants to make sure that Arjun is severely punished. Initially everyone dismisses this as a sham, but then Sualaal bribes his way & gets the case registered by the police. Arjun is now taken into police custody. This brings shame & grief to his family. His sister's wedding is broken. His father goes on hunger strike & dies in process. The police severely thrashes him & when brought in front of court the judges orders prosecution to present the victim, i.e. miss Tanakpur.
On their way to the next hearing while transporting Miss Tanakapur to the court there is an accident & she is severely injured. In this moment everyone is apathetic towards her, only Arjun being empathetic towards her. On the third court hearing Miss Tanakpur is brought to the court. The judge asks the police to do verification based on identification marks mentioned in the FIR & it is found that this not the real Miss Tanakpur. The judge is angry & admonishes the prosecutor for the farce. It is later revealed that Sualaal had sold off the Miss Tanakpur. With great difficulty they are able to locate her & bring her back to the police station. Meanwhile, Sualaal is not happy with the progress in the court & decides to further inflict pain to his family. He announces as a form of penance Arjun will have to marry Miss Tanakpur. Maya is not able to bear this & offers to expose her husband. Arjun refuses her, saying that the truth would drag her into this murky business & he doesn't want her to suffer similar fate. Throughout the ordeal Arjun is sympathetic towards Miss Tanakpur. On day of the wedding, Saulaal borrows Miss Tanakpur from the police for the night. As the wedding is going on, she runs away & no one is able to trace her. This is a sort of reflection of the care & affection shown by Arjun. On subsequent court hearings the police is not able to produce her, which means that the police officer investigating the case is suspended. In order to exact his revenge, the police officer reveals the truth in the court & Saulaal along with his cronies are sent to jail. Arjun is lucky to be acquitted from the case & all the embarrassment he has faced.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rangeela (Arshad Warsi) and Guddu (Amit Sadh) are from North India they both are cousins. They play orchestra. But they want to make money from any way. One day the information provided to local gangsters about the richest families in town, has fetched them an easy and safe way to subsist without getting their hands dirty in the bargain. So they kidnap Baby (Aditi Rao Hydari). They were supposed to get 10 lakh as kidnapping amount. After kidnapping her they have to face a lot of problem. But suddenly Billu Pahalwan (Ronit Roy) comes in action. He is a politician and he changes the game of Guddu Rangeela. Then story takes an interesting twist.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajbir (Gippy Grewal) and Gurpreet (Tina Ahuja) are in love and want to marry each other. The only thing stopping them is the alimony that Rajbir has to pay every month to his ex-wife, Neha (Geeta Basra). Gurpreet, being a lawyer, is aware that the alimony needs to be paid only till Neha gets married to somebody else. Thus, begins the two lover's journey to find a suitable groom for Rajbir's ex-wife! Their comic journey goes through various twists and turns and finally culminates at a point where Rajbir's boss, Ajit Singh (Dharmendra), gets into trouble with his wife because of his flirtatious ways. Is there a ray of hope here for Gurpreet and Rajbir? Can they manipulate their way out of this mess?
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the ancient Kingdom of Mahismati (Makhizhmati in Tamil) in India, a highly injured woman (Ramya Krishnan), with an arrow in her back, emerges from a cave adjoining a big waterfall while carrying a baby. She kills 2 soldiers pursuing her and spots a village across a raging river. She attempts to wade across a ford, but fails and falls in. She swims to and clutches a branch, before pleading to the god Parameshwara, declaring that "Mahendra Baahubali must live!". She holds the baby in one hand above her head, as the water engulfs her. Local villagers notice the baby and rescue it. The queen's corpse is carried away by the current after pointing towards the mountain above the waterfall. Sanga (Rohini) and her husband name the infant Shivudu and raise him as their own son. The villagers want to take the child up the waterfall, but Sanga refuses, as climbing the waterfall would ensure the baby's death. The villagers then seal the staircase leading up the waterfall, fearing that someone may come to take away the child.
Shivudu (Prabhas) grows up to be a strong, adventurous young man who aspires to climb the mountain, with minimal success. After successfully carrying a stone Shivalinga to the waterfalls, he then finds a wooden mask which has fallen. Driven to find the owner of the mask, he attempts to climb the mountain again and finally suceeds. After his ascent, Shivudu discovers that the mask belongs to Avanthika (Tamannaah), a rebellious warrior of a group engaged in guerrilla warfare against Emperor Bhallala Deva/Palvaaldeva (Rana Daggubati) of the Mahishmati empire. The group, led by Devasena's brother (Pruthviraj), intends to rescue their former queen Devasena (Anushka Shetty) who has been imprisoned in the kingdom for the past 25 years. Avanthika is given the opportunity to rescue the queen.
Avanthika falls in love with Shivudu after finding out that he climbed the waterfall for her. Shivudu pledges to help her in her mission and sneaks into Mahishmati to rescue Devasena. Shivudu rescues Avanthika and flees with her, but is chased down by Bhallala Deva's son, Bhadra (Adivi Sesh) and the king's royal slave warrior Kattappa (Sathyaraj). After Shivudu beheads Bhadra, Kattappa drops his weapon, realizing that Shivudu is Mahendra Baahubali, the son of late king Amarendra Baahubali
Kattappa narrates the story of Amarendra's past. Amarendra's mother died while giving birth to him, while his father had died long before that. Amarendra's uncle Bijjaladeva was deemed unfit to rule due to his crooked nature, however he believes he was denied the throne due to his disability. Bijjaladeva's wife Queen Mother Sivagami Devi, assumed control of the kingdom with Kattappa's assistance until a new king was selected. Amarendra Baahubali and Bhallala Deva were brought up together, trained in areas including arts, science, disguise, politics, and warfare, but both of them have different approaches towards kingship. Amarendra Baahubali is gracious to everyone, and is loved by the people. Bhallala Deva is violent and achieves his goals by any means possible.
It is revealed that Mahismathi is about to be attacked by an army of savages, called Kalakeyas. Queen Sivagami sees this as an opportunity to find out who among her two sons should be future king of Mahismati. Bijjaladeva (Nassar), Bhallala Deva's father proposes that who ever kills the Kalakeya leader will be the future king and the chief minister agrees with him. Sivagami nevertheless, says that it is princes' duty to protect and defend their country and orders that Mahishmati's war resources be distributed fairly among her two sons. Bijjaladeva uses his guile to make sure Bhallala Deva gets the maximum war resources.
The Kalakeyas are given an opportunity to change their minds and walk away with their lives. The Kalakeya king rejects their offer and insults Queen Sivagami by saying he will take over her kingdom and have children with her. An enraged Sivagami says she wants the Kalakeya king brought to her alive, but with his limbs chopped off, so that she can feed him to the vultures. During the battle, the Kalakeyas use a dirty tactic of using their Mahishmatian prisoners as shields. Bhallala Deva owns a chariot, with rotating scythes in the front. He plowed through the line of innocent prisoners, killing them. Amarendra, on the other hand, caused them to fall down and attacked the Kalakeyas behind them, thus saving the prisoners. When it seems that Mahishmati would end up being defeated, Amarendra inspires his soldiers to fight back and they end up crushing the enemy. While Amarendra defeated the king of Kalakeya and was about to obey the words of Sivagami by chopping off his limbs, Bhallala Deva swings his weapon from a distance and kills the Kalakeya king. Despite Bhallala Deva being the one to kill the Kalakeya king, Sivagami announces Amarendra Baahubali as the new emperor because of his courage and leadership exhibited in the war and also because of the fact that he shielded and protected his own countrymen throughout the war.
After the flashback, when asked about Amarendra's current whereabouts, a tearful Kattappa reveals that Amarendra is dead, and that he is the one who killed him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In Sultanpur, a picturesque village in Azad Kashmir, villagers gather to watch a televised cricket match between India and Pakistan. Among them is a pregnant woman (Meher Vij) who, after giving birth, names her daughter Shahida after Shahid Afridi, the player who wins the game for Pakistan. One afternoon, Shahida (Harshaali Malhotra), now six years old, falls off a cliff as she plays, and is saved by an overhanging tree, but was not able to call for help as she was mute. Since Shahida's father, a former Pakistani army man, is unlikely to be granted an Indian visa, her concerned mother takes her to the shrine of Sufi saint Nizamuddin Auliya in Delhi, hoping it will restore Shahida's speech.
Returning from Delhi, the train stops for repairs just short of the Wagah crossing and Shahida gets off to save a lamb. The train drives off before Shahida can re-board it. Shahida boards a freight train, and winds up in Kurukshetra, Haryana. There, she meets Pawan Kumar Chaturvedi alias Bajrangi (Salman Khan), a devout Brahmin and an ardent devotee of the Hindu deity Hanuman. He calls Shahida "Munni" and tries in vain to find where she lives.
In sequences of flashbacks, it is revealed that Bajrangi has been a disappointment to his father, after failing his school exams ten times. When he finally graduates on his eleventh try, his father dies of shock. Bajrangi, looking for a job, he follows the advice of his father and goes to the house of his father's friend and wrestling coach, Dayanand (Sharat Saxena), in Delhi. Having spent time together with his daughter Rasika (Kareena Kapoor Khan), they fall in love with each other and Dayanand promises Rasika's hand in marriage on the condition that Bajrangi get a job and a separate house for himself.
In the present, Bajrangi brings Munni to meet Dayanand, who lets Munni stay, believing that with her fair complexion, Munni must be a Brahmin as well. Munni gets accustomed to being part of the household. It is eventually revealed that Munni is a Pakistani Muslim as she performs Salah at a mosque, and cheers for Shahid Afridi and kisses the Pakistani national flag during a televised India-Pakistan cricket match. An enraged Dayanand orders Bajrangi to make arrangements to have her sent to Pakistan through the Pakistani High Commission, where Bajrangi's pleading fails. He is betrayed by a local travel agent who claims to be able to take Munni to Pakistan without a passport but actually takes her to a brothel, causing him to destroy the brothel and beat up several of its occupants. Bajrangi then vows to take Munni to her parents in Pakistan, in person and without a passport and visa.
Bajrangi and Munni are able to enter Pakistan. Shortly after their arrival, Bajrangi is arrested under suspicions of being an Indian spy. He escapes with Munni and meets Chand Nawab (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), a journalist who works for a Pakistani television channel. Nawab has closely been following the developments. Moved by the story, Nawab joins Bajrangi to help him find Munni's parents. They are joined by an Islamic religious scholar (Om Puri), who helps them avoid capture by police. He directs the group to Azad Kashmir after Munni recognizes an area similar to her hometown in a photo from a calendar.
Nawab documents their journey on video, but his television station channel head (Harssh A. Singh) refuses to air it. Disappointed, he uploads the video to YouTube. While reviewing the footage, Munni recognizes her mother walking by in the background. With a bus driver's assistance, the trio identify Sultanpur as Munni's hometown. They board a bus to Sultanpur, and are stopped by police who are looking for "the Indian spy". Devising a plan to divert their attention, Bajrangi gets off the bus and runs toward the jungle in full view. He gets tracked down, beaten, and shot in the arm. Meanwhile, Nawab and Munni reach Sultanpur, where Munni is finally reunited with her mother.
The videos uploaded by Nawab go viral throughout India and Pakistan. A compassionate senior officer, Hamid Khan (Rajesh Sharma), realizes that Bajrangi is innocent, and has him released, defying the order to keep him in jail, which he felt would be petty on the part of Pakistan. Responding to a call by Nawab, thousands of Pakistanis and Indians congregate at Narowal Check Post, where Bajrangi is to return to India. As Bajrangi crosses the border, Shahida, who is also in the crowd, runs toward the fence and cries out for him with her now regained speech. Bajrangi and Shahida run towards each other and embrace.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is set in Mumbai. It depicts the relationship between a husband and wife, the ever-growing human detachment with nature and people's attitude towards the physiology of a child's growth which is portrayed in a lighthearted yet satirical fashion. Rajib, works for a multinational company and is far apart in terms of his nature from his wife, Ananya, who is a receptionist at a private firm. On the other hand, Kuhi, their three-year-old daughter, and Pakhi, the domestic help of the house, share a relationship based on innocence and pure emotions. Pakhi takes good care of Kuhi when Rajib and Ananya are away at work during the day.The whole family plans a vacation to their hometown in Assam. There, Kuhi gets to know Nalia Kai, the helper of the house, who introduces her to a new world – a world of trees, birds, greenery, paddy fields and the environment at large. There she realizes the difference between the concrete world of Mumbai and the natural environment of her father's hometown. She also fears that one day the people of Mumbai would not have air to breathe, as she learns that we get oxygen from trees. This compels her to question the scarcity of trees in Mumbai.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in present-day Varanasi, the plot of Masaan follows two seemingly separate stories that converge eventually.
The first of these tells the story of Devi. The film opens with her and her fellow student, Piyush, checking into a hotel room. They are interrupted during sex when the police bursts in, after being tipped off youngsters indulging in “indecent behaviour”. As the inspector records the barely clad Devi on his mobile phone, the boy Piyush, who also is barely clothed locks himself in the bathroom and commits suicide. Devi and her family are subjected to blackmail by the police, particularly by Inspector Mishra, who demands a hefty bribe of three lakhs from Vidyadhar Pathak, Devi’s father to hush up the matter. While he struggles to fulfill the demand, she switches jobs due to the 'stigma' associated. She eventually gets a government job in the railways in Varanasi. News regarding her pre-marital sexual indulgence reaches there, marred by the supposedly parochial mindset of people, she leaves Varanasi and joins a course in Allahabad.
The second narrative concerns Deepak, a boy (also from Varanasi) from the Dom community (a low-caste of corpse burners) whose family works in cremation ghat by burning funeral pyres. Deepak wants to transcend the restrictions of his caste. He studies Civil Engineering at a polytechnic college where he meets and falls in love with Shaalu, an upper-caste girl. They start meeting each other and during a trip to Allahabad at the banks of Ganga, Shaalu falls for Deepak and accepts his proposal. Back in Varanasi, Deepak tells her about his caste and the work he does of burning corpses. Shaalu remains firm and tells him that she will be with him even if her parents refuse. She asks him to focus on his placements and get a job, while she reaffirms her commitment to him.
However, unfortunately, during a pilgrimage trip along with her family, she dies in a ghastly bus accident. Her body with some other victims ends up at the same cremation ground. Deepak is shattered on seeing her dead body and loses all purpose in his life for a while. But eventually comes to cope with the support of his friends. He also gets an engineer's job in railways landing up in Allahabad.
The film reaches its climax as Devi comes to the bank of Ganga to immerse the gift Piyush had given to her on the fateful day in the hotel. Deepak notices her crying and offers her water to drink. A boatman beckons offering them a ride towards Sangam. They board the boat striking a conversation. Devi tells Deepak that this is her first time she is going towards Sangam. Deepak tells her he has been there earlier once and adds that there is a belief one should visit the Sangam at least twice, once alone and once in someone's company. With that, the film ends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vijay Salgaonkar (Ajay Devgn) is an orphan who dropped out of school after his 4th grade. Now he is a contented successful businessman running a cable TV service called Mirage Cable in Pondolem, Goa. He is married to Nandini (Shriya Saran), and they have two daughters, Anju, his adopted daughter (Ishita Dutta), a class twelve student, and Anu, a class six student. His only interest apart from his family is watching films. He spends most of his time in front of the TV in his small office. He has gained much fame in his rural area for helping people out with the help of methods he watched from films.
During a nature camp, a hidden cell phone camera records Anju removing her clothes and showering in the bathroom. The culprit, Sam aka Sameer (Rishabh Chaddha), is the son of Inspector General of Goa Police, Meera Deshmukh (Tabu). Sam comes to blackmail Anju for sexual favors when Vijay is not home. Nandini intervenes and pleads with Sam to leave their family alone, but Sam refuses to leave them or delete the video clip unless his sexual demand is fulfilled. In an attempt to break the offending cell phone, Anju takes a swing at Sam with a lead pipe, but she strikes him in the head instead, killing him immediately. They hide his body in a compost pit, which is witnessed by Anu. In the morning, when Vijay returns from work, Nandini tells Vijay about the incident and he devises a way to save his family from the police. He removes the broken cell phone and disposes of Sam's car, which is seen by the corrupt Sub-Inspector Laxmikant Gaitonde (Kamlesh Sawant), who has a grudge against Vijay. The next day, Vijay takes his family out on a trip to Panjim, where they visit an Ashram, watch a movie, and eat at a restaurant. Meera, realizing that her son has gone missing, starts an investigation.
After a preliminary investigation, Meera calls Vijay and family for questioning. Having predicted that the police would come calling eventually, Vijay coaches his family on how to face the interrogations without raising suspicion. When questioned individually, the family sticks to their individual stories and the police are unable to find a crack in their alibis. Vijay produces bus tickets, movie tickets, lodging and restaurant bills as proof for the family's visit to Panaji. Meera questions the owners of the establishments they have been to and their statements prove Vijay's alibi. Meera realizes that on the day of the incident, Vijay had taken the tickets and the bill, made acquaintance with the owners and had gone for the trip with his family the next day, thus proving his alibi and making the owners unwittingly tell the lie.
Meera has the Salgaonkar family arrested, and Gaitonde uses brute force to beat the truth out of them though Vijay, Nandini and Anju resist. Meanwhile, Meera finds out about Sam and his video of Anju from Sam's friend, Alex. Eventually, Anu gives in and reveals that she has seen a body being buried in the compost pit. After digging the compost pit, the authorities find the carcass of a dog, indicating that Vijay had moved the body. Vijay reports to the media that Gaitonde physically abused both his daughters and complains against Gaitonde, causing an angry Gaitonde to attempt an attack on Vijay, but Vijay's in-laws retaliate, and a mob rises up to beat up Gaitonde. The Sub-inspector is suspended, Meera is put on an indefinite leave from her post, and the entire investigating force of the Pondolem Police Station is transferred out, with the case now requiring authorization from the court. When Nandini asks Vijay about what he did to the body, he refuses to tell her, saying that she does not need to know that information, and that the information is safe within his heart. Meera and her husband Mahesh (Rajat Kapoor) meet Vijay at a seaside to ask forgiveness for their rude and violent behavior. They also reveal that they would be leaving for London forever to live with their relative. Vijay also asks for forgiveness, and explains to them that he would go to any lengths to protect his family. Vijay tells Meera that her son came to Vijay's family as an "uninvited guest," who was causing chaos in his happy family life and Vijay has sent him to a place from where "he cannot return." Vijay, now in remand, signs a register at the newly constructed local police station. The new police inspector threatens Vijay that he shall find the body. As Vijay leaves, a flashback reveals that he has hidden Sam's body under the floor of the police inspector's room in the new station.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around Hafeez Bin Ali (Ritesh Deshmukh) and Praveen Chaturvedi (Pulkit Samrat) both from Bangistan but different nations. Hafeez is number one in his clan for having a big beard and works underground in a restaurant called Fcdonalds. Praveen is a man who shows a lot of respect to his god Guruji and attacks anyone who insults his beloved god. However, both their bosses (both played by Kumud Mishra) encourage them to go to Poland for a mission and hosting the worlds best bombers so the 2 terrorists go. Both Praveen and Hafeez meet in the airport and decide to change their names to Allah Rakha Khan and Ishwarchand Sharma but both get arrested. Although still arrested, they still go to Poland to become bomb experts. The 2 go to local bomb experts as both Allah Rakha and Ishwar go to a Chinese restaurant owner and a potato farmer where Allah Rakha learns that the Chinese restaurant owner speaks Hindi and gives him specific bombs. Ishwarchand goes to the potato farmer Mr. Babinski who is actually a master spy and saboteur and offers him a lot of bombs but Ishwarchand recommends for a cheaper bomb. The 2 of them later fall in love with Rosie (Jacqueline Fernandez) then a love triangle between the 3 begins to spark up. When Rosie's parents anniversary happens they both ask about her religion to which she replies that she doesn't follow any religion as all religions propagate the same thing. Hafeez and Praveen become best friends and while drinking liquor both reveal their original identities. They get embroiled in a fight in which a bomb explodes which Praveen was making it. They get injured in a hospital and get labelled as 'Terrorists'. The North Bangistanis plan and train another suicide bomber Zulfi (Arya Babbar) to create terror since Hafeez's name is out.Hafeez realises that his boss wants to just spread terror in the name of religion and explains Praveen the same but Praveen acts in front of Hafeez that he is with his side but actually he wants the explosion to happen. When both reach the conference he finds Praveen activating the bomb in a washroom and then they get in a fight in which Praveen realises his mistake. At last they both expose the nature of their bosses and people misguided in the name of religion. But the bomb which was placed by Zulfi explodes leaving Hafeez and Praveen injured and then they are regarded as heroes.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts off with Inder Bhalla (Abhishek Bachchan), an aspiring song composer getting kicked out of his house by his father, Bhajanglal (Rishi Kapoor). Bhajanglal runs a bakery that doesn't really "run". He wants Inder to work at the bakery, but due to Inder's ambitions on becoming a successful song composer, he clearly refuses. Bhajanglal finds this an insult and sends Inder out of his house thinking that he is arrogant and selfish. This makes Inder hate his father forever but somewhere inside his soul, Bhajanglal still has love for his son. Inder travels to Thailand with his friend Ronny (Sumeet Vyas) who is also an ambitious song composer. Inder misses his mother, Pammi Bhalla (Supriya Pathak) but hasn't talked to her in many years. Suddenly, Inder gets a phone call from Cheema (Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub).
Cheema lies to Inder that his father has sold his bakery and wants him to get his share. Unknown to this lie, Inder leaves everything and flies back to India. At the airport he hugs his girlfriend Nimmi (Asin) goodbye, little knowing that she is also travelling to India on the same flight. When Inder and Nimmi reach India they catch the same taxi as Nimmi wants to visit Inder's place. Inder drops Nimmi at his place and then goes to visit Cheema. There he sees his father has been abducted by Cheema and his goons. Inder comes to learn of the real truth that over the years his father borrowed lots of money from Cheema due to house needs but couldn't return it. Cheema warns that if he wants himself and his father to stay alive then he'd better arrange money. Inder and Bhajanglal go home to think of something. There, Inder finds out that his mother is suffering from Alzheimer's disease and Bhajanglal sent her to an ashram. Inder thinks that his father was very selfish but he hasn't learnt the truth yet.
Inder, Bhajanglal, Pammi and Nimmi take a road trip to try to run away from Cheema. They go to a bank on their way and want to take Pammi's brother's money, that Pammi has the actual right to. Bhajanglal is made to sign the form due to Pammi's memory loss. There, Inder learns that his father has divorced his mother. This makes his hatred towards his dad increase. Bhalanglal tells Inder that it wasn't his fault and a dark truth was behind his and Pammi's divorce. After restituting what he has learnt, Inder realises that his father was always innocent and starts loving him again. Inder sell all his songs that he had composed to pay back Cheema, gets his parents married again, marries Nimmi, and renovates his father's bakery. The film ends with Inder, Nimmy, Bhajanglal and Cheema (now their friend) working at the bakery and making lots of money.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gour Hari Dastaan is a story of an Odisha freedom fighter, Gour Hari Das who made his way through a long battle of silent war that lasted for 32 years, against his own government to prove his patriotic association towards the nation. He fought for a certificate recognizing his work as a freedom fighter which took three full decades to arrive. At the age of 84, the much sought-after certificate, when it was ultimately awarded, was a bittersweet victory.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins with a car chase in Chicago, which leads to a scuffle between a man ostensibly named Jude Rosario (Saif Ali Khan) and an American male known as Matthew Broody. The scuffle ends with Broody falling into the icy waters of Chicago River, and his body missing. This results in Rosario being arrested and convicted for murder.
A flashback of six months ago shows the office of the Indian RAW chief Roy (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), where he and his trusted men (Rajesh Tailang, Mohammed Zeeshan Ayyub) plan a daring covert operation. The man known as Jude Rosario in the opening sequence is shown to be Captain Daniyal Khan, a dead-end ex-soldier with a completely deadened sense of life and death is pulled out of oblivion and pressed into service by the spy agency to wreak vengeance on the men who planned the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. He agrees on the assurance that he will be reinstated in the Indian army to the same rank from which he was court-martialled, which meant regaining the respect of his estranged father. His only team member, Nawaz Mistry (Katrina Kaif) helps him find his first target Sajid Mir (Mir Sarwar) at a cricket match. On reaffirming his identity after breaking into his apartment Daniyal rigs up an explosion killing Sajid Mir, which makes the headlines causing an investigation by the Pakistani ISI.
Coming back to the present, Daniyal aka Jude has landed in the same jail as David Headley (J.Brandon Hill). He contacts Nawaz, in order to acquire money to buy a battery, as a replacement of another one which holds a certain poison. The poison is untraceable as it could kill a person whose tongue even comes in contact with it with a heart attack. After killing David Headley, Matthew Broody who supposedly died upon falling in the river is found alive and Daniyal is released as his earlier sentence is rendered null and void. Meanwhile, ISI agents gather information about Daniyal Khan.
Daniyal and Nawaz, through Syria, go to Pakistan to take down the last two perpetrators, Sahabuddin Umvi and Haaris Saeed (Shahnawaaz Pradhan). In Pakistan, they make plans of killing Saeed with the help of local restaurant owner Khalid (Midat Sahab) by an explosive planted in the mic used during his public speech. However, their plan fails leading Daniyal to pursue Saeed in a car and shoot him dead, also causing an explosion. Umvi is killed with the help of a nurse Amina Bi (Sohaila Kapur) who replaces his regular syringe with a poisoned one.
With the Pakistani army and ISI pursuing them, Daniyal and Nawaz make their way to the coast to escape through the Arabian sea. Their accomplices get caught and interrogated for information or killed. While they are escaping on a boat, the Pakistani military finds about it and sends patrol boats to apprehend them. While hiding in the waters, Daniyal gets shot by the military and dies. Nawaz later gets rescued by the Indian Navy. Later, she goes to the Taj Hotel and has two cups of tea fulfilling a promise earlier made to Daniyal.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Uday Shetty (Nana Patekar) and Majnu Bhai (Anil Kapoor) end a life of crime and become honest businessmen, settling in Dubai. Two conwomen from India, Poonam (Dimple Kapadia) and Babita (Ankita Shrivastava), present themselves as Maharani Padmavati and Rajkumari Chandini of Najafgarh in order to con Uday and Majnu of their money. Babita causes the two men to fall in love with her, thus getting them to finance herself and Poonam's luxurious lifestyle. Later, it is revealed that Uday has another sister Ranjana (Shruti Haasan) from his father's third marriage and Majnu and Uday are emotionally blackmailed by Uday's father into arranging the marriage of Ranjana and are also forced to do so as Poonam makes that one of her conditions for getting Babita married to either one of them.
The movie then shifts to Dr. Ghunguroo (Paresh Rawal), who has found out that he has a step son from his wife's previous marriage, Ajju a.k.a. Ajay (John Abraham). Ajju is a local goon of Mumbai, where Ranjana studies. Through a chain of hilarious events, they both fall in love with each other. Meanwhile, Majnu and Uday arrange the marriage of Ranjana with the step-son of Doctor Ghunguroo, not knowing that he is a goon. However, at the engagement ceremony, Majnu reveals the truth of Ajju, to which Ajju resists with a fight, threatening to marry Ranjana without any of the brothers' consent.
In order to keep Ajju at bay, Uday and Majnu visit Wanted Bhai, (Naseeruddin Shah), who is an infamous blind don. They also return to their old, violent ways in order to kill Ajju. The brothers are shocked to find that Wanted's son Honey (Shiney Ahuja) likes Ranjana and would like to marry her. They decide to arrange the marriage of Ranjana to some other decent man, in order to sidestep Ajju as well as Wanted's son. However, due to Ajju and Dr. Ghunguroo, who are in league with Babita and Poonam, they are caught by Wanted Bhai, who summons them to his island.
There, Ajju and Dr. Ghunguroo try to convince Honey that he no longer loves Ranjana and that Babita is his true love. Meanwhile, Uday and Majnu try to kill Ajju, but are frightened at the graveyard in a ghost act planned by Dr. Ghunguroo, Ajju and Ranjana. Unbeknownst to all of them, their activities have been recorded by closed-circuit television, causing Wanted Bhai and Honey to plan to finish them off. However, in a hilarious climax scene, Honey is kidnapped by all of them and they escape towards the desert where they are chased by Wanted Bhai. In the midst of saving himself, Dr. Ghunguroo pushes Wanted Bhai, causing him to faint. Meanwhile, a group of camels heavily march there. Ajju is successful in saving Wanted Bhai from the stampede of camels, and restoring his sight. Wanted Bhai himself, as a form of gratitude, arranges the marriage of Ajju with Ranjana, calling Ajju his 'second son'.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sooraj Kaushik is a gangster from Mumbai who meets Radha Mathur, daughter of the city's Chief of Police, IG Shrikant Mathur, during a party. Sooraj, under instructions from his gangster father, Suryakant 'Pasha' Ranade, kidnaps Radha because Shrikant brought evidence against Pasha in court, and kidnaps Radha in the guise of a police officer, by telling her that he received instructions from the police to take her away from city as there is a threat that Pasha and his gang will kidnap Radha unless they move for some time. During these days they slowly fall in love. One day the police tracks them and Sooraj and Radha escape but Sooraj is shot in the arm when trying to jump over a broken bridge and they both fall in water. Later they are rescued by a colony of monks but the world thinks both are dead. Sooraj, who was badly injured, remained unconscious. Radha talks about her love for him she finds Sooraj is awake. Later he confesses Radha that he had kidnapped her. Radha has however fallen in love with Sooraj. Radha asks Sooraj to surrender and Sooraj is sent to jail for 2 years. During that time Radha's brother Dheeraj asks her to go to Paris.
One and a half years later, the court reduces Sooraj's sentence on grounds of good behaviour. Sooraj is out of jail and is ready to start a new life with Radha but to live a life he needed to earn. So he starts a fitness centre for living with support from Radha and Dheeraj. Then Dheeraj introduces Ranvijay, who is a smuggler, and a helper of Pasha but shows them that he is innocent. He is liked by Radha's family and Shrikant decides to tie Ranvijay and Radha into the knot. But Ranvijay, being Pasha's henchman, intends to break Radha's and Sooraj's love. Radha and Sooraj tell Radha's family about what happened, how they met and how they fell in love, but her father still refuses to accept Sooraj as he was a goon. One night Ranvijay stabs Sooraj, who loses consciousness.
Later, in the morning, Pasha arrives intending to kill Radha and Sooraj but seeing their love for each other, leaves them unharmed. But Ranvijay still holds a grudge against Sooraj. A fight ensues and Ranvijay is shot by Radha's father. Radha's father then accepts Sooraj and they get married and live a happy life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Inspector Ravi Sharma (Shameem Khan) is very honest and very intelligent police officer. He burst the racket of Daddan’s (Mukesh Tiwari) illegal wine factory to shows his intention against the enemy of law and society. Meanwhile, his daughter Anishka seeks his help to find out her lost school friend Aditya. Aditya is a very bright student but always looks puzzled because of his drunken father who fights with his mother every time. One day the fight takes an ugly turn and father dies accidentally. Aditya runs away from the home in fear. Ravi arrests his mother as murderer and she lands in prison. Innocent Aditya walks randomly in the city and meets a gang of street beggars who want to help him. But unfortunately he lands in cage of Sevak Ram (Tinu Verma). Sevak Ram is socialist who runs a self organization for the betterment of these street children. But the truth is that he make them handicap hand pushes them in begging business. Ravi searches Aditya every possible place with his time but is unable to find him. In this process he comes to know that there is lot of people who runs racket of begging and forcing the kidnapped/loss/poorer street children in this business. Now the question are appears that, what Ravi does with those self tycoon of begging mafia and the children who are part of them? What happen with Daddan ? And does Ravi succeeds to find Aditya and Sevak Ram ? That’s the real story of the film SORRY DADDY….
-----------------------------------------------------------
Madhav 'Maddy' Kabra (Imran Khan) is an architect who falls in love with Payal (Kangana Ranaut) during college. After college they begin a live-in relationship for 5 years until suddenly Payal leaves Maddy. While all his friends tell him to forget about Payal, Maddy crazily tries to find Payal and win her back, during which the story flashes back to what happened during their 5-year relationship. Finally Maddy finds out that Payal is dying of cancer. Maddy and Payal patch up and live happily for 4 months until Payal dies in Maddy's arms, making him promise that he'll always keep this love alive in his heart and love again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with Guruji rescuing innocent beings and doing noble deeds. The devotees offer sweet saying that these sweets are in celebration of the govt. declaring the neighbourhood savages as terrorists. Army is being deployed to put them at bay, but after losing their men to these Ace Archers, the Army is planning missions to throw these savages out. Guruji did not like this idea of declaring them as terrorists. According to Guruji all are humans and no inhuman treatment is justified, even if they are behaving like animals, that doesn't make them animals and every person has the capability to be reformed with love and affection. In-spite life endangering events on Guruji from the savages, Guruji decides to fight for savages. A police inspector named Arjun attacks the savages and gets retaliated badly and saved by Guruji. Arjun goes to meet Guruji and Babru also comes to meet Guruji. Guruji also saves the lives of Tibru tribe's head Babru's son and gains his confidence. Babru comes to know that Guruji has all the signs of their Aadi Guru, the deity worshiped by them, since so many years. And that's how, Tibru tribe takes on to the path of civilization being by Guruji, leaving their age old practices of hunting and killing raw meat. Suddenly a call for the sacrifice comes from head of 16 tribes naed Ajgar. When Guruji asks them to refuse for sacrifice, he comes to know that these people are against civilized people and it is Ajgar who saves them from civilized people. On asked upon why they hate people living in cities, Babru states that these people were successors to Eklavya's tribe the renowned Archer who gave his thumb as Guru Dakshina and still could not get respect for his tribe. His forefathers told him not to worry and during Kalyuga there will be a man who will bring respect to our tribe. On Guruji's insistence, these savages refuse to offer sacrifice. On hearing this, Ajgar is raging with anger and picks up the whole tribe as his hostage. Guruji saves them. Soon Ajgar realizes, Guruji is no ordinary man and also the Army's run for his life might meet success, his own tribe seems to be against him, as the Army was about to enter the area and take their lives, as they were declared as anti social elements, terrorists and it seems wise to surrender his life to the Army rather than risk the entire system and tribes. He asks for pardon from Guruji for his deeds and runs away saying that he is going to surrender himself, but army take him as a hostage, Guruji reaches the spot and fights the entire army single handedly. Suddenly Durjan Singh comes and tell Guruji how he tried multiple efforts right from influencing the minister to instigating the army into believing that savages are their biggest enemies, and even trying to take Guruji's life, and failed miserably because of Guruji. It is then the Army realizes that Durjan Singh has been misleading them and that this Guruji is the same man "Saint Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh Ji Insan" who has been providing blood for indian army, eyes to the old parents of army officers, even kidneys to the needy army personnel, they ask for pardon to Guruji and Durjan Singh once again defeated in front of Guruji's noble initiatives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts with Shiv Ram Kishan Kumar (Kapil Sharma) marrying three different girls: Juhi (Manjari Fadnis), Anjali (Sai Lokur) and Simran (Simran Kaur Mundi) due to different circumstances against his own wish. But he had to marry them or else they would commit suicide. He makes excuses so that he can spend one night with each wife. On his friend Karan's advice (Varun Sharma), he buys three flats on different floors in one building for each wife. He and Karan experience hilarious circumstances with each of his wives. He also has a girlfriend, Deepika (Elli Avram), who he thinks is first wife whom he'll be marrying according to his will under the name, Kumar. Deepika's father (Manoj Joshi) accepts him as his son-in-law. On one evening before 'Karva Chauth', Deepika's father notices Kumar with all his three wives one-by-one, but Kumar succeeds in escaping by telling a lie that it was an April Fool triggered by all of wives. In the meantime, all his wives become good friends. Deepika's father again has a problem with Kumar that the employee working in his office is engaged to the given photo, as it showed Kumar to Deepika's father. Due to this, Deepika decides to marry in court and Kumar agrees that will be the easiest way to marry without any tensions, but the relationship of his mother and father, which was ruined fifteen years ago when his father married someone else started liking each other again. The two knew that Kumar have two wives, but not yet of the full truth, they come to know that he's gonna marry the third one; Deepika. Karan and Deepika keep waiting. After waiting for a long time, Kumar comes to Deepika, but as he sees his three other wives, he hides behind a wall. Karan tells Deepika and her friends that Kumar went hospital to help his friend, as one of his wives praised, 'God gives that husband to everyone', which is disliked dialogue by Kumar from all her three wives. Karan tells to postpone the marriage to two days later, her friends went away, left is Deepika who is sad, but Kumar comes from the wall telling his friend is okay; a lie, and now they can marry, but Deepika tries to call her friends, and is stopped by Kumar as he says to go to temple to marry as it is late already and sends Karan to bring Temple marrying things. In time, Deepika's father arrives and takes them to office and calls his employee and asks if Kumar is engaged to her. The lady says no and Deepika's father apologizes to Deepika and Kumar as he knows that Deepika put the photo there too as the employee did and she didn't show it as she was frightened and Deepika's father decided to fire his employee to make him doubt on his future son-in-law but Kumar saves her job and deepu's father decides to celebrate the marriage pleasantly. On the day of their marriage, all his three wives arrive. Shiv Ram Kishan's parents also arrive, as it is too hard to know the face as Kumar and Debika decided to make everyone dressed in marriage clothes so nobody can recognize Kumar or even themselves. Tiger (Arbaaz Khan) is in the search of a guy, so he makes everyone to put down their 'pagdi' as Kumar had to put his padgi down which he didn't but in time, Tiger's(Anjali's brother) men brought the guy and Kumar is saved. The marriage keeps going. By chance the face of Shiv Ram Kishan comes in front of fire as he tried to put all mud in the fire and all four of them come to know the truth along with his parents that he didn't break heart of his three wives. They forcefully made Kumar to marry, someone didn't even listen to him, or even asked him that is he married as someone was about to commit suicide by falling into the well and he cannot leave them commit suicide by telling that they are already married, the one whose heart he broke is Deepika, his true love. As soon he ends, everyone cries and her mother hugs him tightly and Deepika's father asks Deepika for what's her choice. At climax, all the four wives are shown together as they accept each other, everyone knew it except for Tiger, as he can't hear, he cannot even understand that it was a tragedy or comedy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot begins with Timmy Anand (Rohit Roy) who is in the process of calling the 5 calendar girls whom he has chosen from different parts of India - Mayuri Chauhan (Ruhi Singh) from Rohtak,Paroma Ghosh (Satarupa Pyne) from Kolkata,Nandita Menon (Akanksha Puri) from Hyderabad,Nazneen Malik (Avani Modi) from Lahore and Sharon Pinto (Kyra Dutt) from Goa to come to Mumbai for shooting for the country's most prestigious annual calendar which is a joint effort of a business tycoon, Kumar Kukreja (Suhel Seth) and him.
The story now shifts to give a brief introduction about the personal life of the 5 girls. Mayuri who is from Rohtak has her parents who are very supportive and encouraging about her becoming a calendar girl and are sure that she will make it big in life. Paroma who is from Kolkata has her parents and an elder brother and they are not happy about her getting into the modelling business. Her father tells her to go if she wants but not come back. Paroma decides to leave and says that she wont come back, instead call them to Mumbai one day and they will feel proud of her. Nandita who is from Hyderabad has her parents and an elder sister. Her family has all achievers with her mom and dad being CEO's in a company and her sister Sharda (Samiksha Bhatnagar) who has recently become the youngest Vice President of a company. So Nandita has decided to make it big by becoming a calendar girl. Nazneen who is from Lahore stays with her boyfriend Inzamam (Deepak Wadhwa) in London and feels that she has still not achieved anything big in life yet and calendar girl will be a platform for her to get into Bollywood. However Inzamam is not supportive of this, but she slaps him and decides to leave. Sharon who is from Goa is jogging on the beach with her friend who tells her about how bad the glamour world is and she shouldn't be going for this. But she does not believe much about the romours of the glamour world and decides to go ahead. So the 5 girls are all geared up and have high dreams about the calendar. They go to Mauritius for shooting with Timmy and are out with the wonderful pictures which will be shown in the annual calendar which will be used at different places. So all the 5 girls are in the calendar launch party where they are meeting different people from the glamour industry for film offers, modelling assignments, advertisement contracts etc. and are very happy and feel that their life is going to change from tomorrow.
The story now moves 3 months later. Paroma is a chief guest in a Bengali pooja organized by some pandal and there she meets Pinaki Chatterjee (Keith Sequeira) who is her old boyfriend from Kolkata. Pinaki persuades Paroma to revive their relationship and she agrees. Sharon is doing an ad and is very happy that she has selected Aniruddh Shroff (Rushad Rana) to take care of her work to get her assignments and so on. Nazneen has got an offer for a Bollywood film from a very noted producer and the producer has kept a strict schedule for completing the film and also offers her a check for the signing amount and she is very happy. Mayuri is in her first day of shooting for the film and is advised by her secretary Tiwariji (Atul Parchure) to make a good impression with the crew members from the very first day. Mayuri gets very friendly with the director and the crew members and she uses her social networking skills and tweets the movie several times to get a good publicity for the movie. The director feels that she will do very well in life. Nandita is attending a ceremony in Jodhpur where she is chatting with Naina (Suchitra Pillai) who is a socialite and Nandita is amongst her favourite of the 5 calendar girls. Naina introduces Nandita to Harsh Narang (Vikram Sakhalkar) who is a very big business tycoon and the heir of the royal Narang family of Jodhpur. Harsh asks Nandita about her future plans and she tells that she is going back to Mumbai by flight next morning and Harsh advises her to cancel her flight and he offers her a marriage proposal to marry him. Nandita doesn't answer initially but her sister advises that she should go ahead with this marriage stating that she will be living a very comfortable life like a queen. Nandita is reluctant to give up on the condition kept by Harsh to quit modelling, but her sister says that next year when the new calendar comes, offers will go down and slowly she may have to end her association with the modelling world. Nandita meets Harsh's parents Narangs (Kiran Kumar) and tells them that she has decided to quit modelling and the family gives her a warm welcome and they get married. Nazneen is travelling in a taxi and she sees that there are some public protests on the road against Pakistani stars to quit the country. She is very tensed about her life being harmed and the city being unsafe for her. She is not in a position to go back to London since Inzamam is very angry on her. The producer who offered her the film has decided to withdraw the offer because of this issue and is unable to delay the film. She loses the film and is without any work. Few days later, she meets Ananya Raichand (Mita Vashisht) who runs a high class escort service for Politicians, Industrialists and Diplomats. Nazneen ends up becoming an escort girl. Sharon goes to a party at a friends place and there she meets Rehaan who is a friend of Aniruddh and gets to know about the rumours that Aniruddh spread about her that she slept with him.She gets very annoyed and slaps Aniruddh in front of his entire office staff.She ends up getting banned by the ad world and is unable to get any assignments on account of spoiling her relationship with Aniruddh. Paroma is attending a party where she has been invited by Pinaki and he introduces her to the different cricketers and people from the SPL cricket league. Pinaki tells her later about some issues that he is facing on the gambling with which they were to earn crores of rupees,where he wants Paroma to spend time with one of the cricketers as per his conditions. Paroma does so and they earn a lot with the daily matches of SPL. Vignesh Pranjpe (Sharad Ponkshe) who is a CBI officer has a doubt on them and keeps a close eye.Sharon meets Shashank Datta (Indraneil Sengupta) who is working in a leading news channel and he offers her a job as a host for one of their new entertainment show and Sharon becomes a very successful anchor and is also promoted by the channel later to become a nationwide news reader. Mayuri has decided to sign a film with a builder's son for crores of rupees just to buy a flat through him and later meets Madhur Bhandarkar who also offers her a film. Nandita finds that Harsh is cheating on her and has married her just to keep her as a trophy wife and sleeps around with escort girls. She tells her in-laws and cries but they explain that Harsh loves her and she is the daughter-in-law of such a big Narang family and these are very common amongst the riches. Paroma gets arrested by CBI on the betting and match fixing case and Pinaki goes absconding leaving her in a lurch. Her brother and father come to give her a bail and tell her how shameful the family is feeling in the society because of her and disown her.She tries to attempt suicide but gets an offer to work in a reality show because of her controversial image. Nazneen is feeling shameful about the job she is doing as an escort girl and wants to quit and go back to London. She decides to do one last time with a foreign diplomat. But she finds that Inzamam has already dumped her and moved with someone else. Nazneen meets with an accident after escaping from the hotel and dies. After these incidents that happened with the calendar girls especially Paroma and Nazneen, this issue comes in the news on whether calendar girls is a platform for people to make a career in the glamour industry or is it a misuse.The other 4 calendar girls meet at Nazneen's funeral and are very sad that her body was in the morgue for 10 days and nobody claimed it. They realize how the glamor world is and how you need to live with it.
Days pass by, months pass by and it is shown where are the calendar girls now - Paroma is making her entry to the reality show, Sharon is happily getting married to Shashank,Mayuri receives the best debutant award in Filmfare and Nandita is pregnant with a child with Harsh. Now the new year comes and the old calendar is removed and the new calendar is used at various places with the 5 new calendar girls.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raftaar Singh is a nice and fun-loving but uneducated man, with a mischievous character. He is thrown out of his home by his father who gives him an ultimatum: if he wants to come back, he must get into business with Kirpal Singh in Goa or marry a fat woman called Sweety. Raftaar chooses the former. Meanwhile, Sara Rana is shown living in Romania with her father, who made bad choices and works for the mafia. Mark, a mafia boss, wants to marry Sara but is rejected by Sara and her father, and shoots Mr Rana in anger. Sara manages to escape to Goa where she hopes to find her estranged mother.
Raftaar meets Kirpal Singh and lies about speaking English in order to get a job taking care of Sara while she is in India. Raftaar and his friends meet Sara at the airport; finding that Sara does not understand Hindi, Raftaar hires a translator, Emily. Sara meets Kirpal and feels safe but presumes Raftaar to be a bad guy. Sara's opinion changes when she sees Raftaar helping a woman who was bothered by a bunch of goons. When these goons later come after Raftaar, they are beaten-up by Sara. Emily is shocked to see that Sara can fight, but Sara warns Emily not to reveal about the incident to Raftaar.
Raftaar's friends and Sara become kidnapped by the same goons; Raftaar tries to save them but gets badly beaten. Sara later fights all the goons away, and begins to fall for Raftaar. Kirpal feels happy with Raftaar's performance and soon becomes a successful businessman with his help. Mark learns that Sara is in Goa and sends his men to bring her back. Raftaar and Sara try to flee but their car is hit and Raftaar is beaten-up. He later fights them all except for a woman who is beaten-up by Sara. On Kirpal's advice, Raftaar takes Sara to his family home in Punjab.
Sara meets Rataar's parents, and seeing Raftaar with them she reminisces of her childhood and cheers-up. Raftaar's father asks Sara about her relationship with Raftaar, and she reveals that she is in love with him. Earlier, Emily had handed responsibility to Raftaar to find Sara's lost mother, and they return to Goa where Sara has a flashback at her childhood home, but later feels heartbroken that she may not find her mother. Sara decides to go back to Romania, saying she would never return. Raftaar feels heartbroken seeing her leave.
In Romania, Sara finds her father recovering in hospital. Raftaar finds Sara's mother and brings her to Romania, reuniting the family, and Sara confesses her love to Raftaar. Raftaar decides to marry Sara, telling his family and purchasing a cake, flowers and new clothes. He goes to church but is angered when he finds Sara about to marry Mark. Sara refuses to marry Mark, who challenges Raftaar to a fight. Raftaar manages to beat Mark and his men but is shot. Sara is worried that Raftaar may die, but he wakes after remembering the lessons taught by his father and resumes the fight with Mark. Raftaar is able to beat the mafia and Mark, who dies after saying "You're too good, sardaar " (English: 'chieftan' or 'leader'), with Raftaar left hanging by the side of a bridge. Sara and Raftaar confirm their love for each other, and Raftaar is saved and returns to Punjab to celebrate his happiness with his friends, family and Sara. The film ends with Raftaar and Sara performing the song "Singh and Kaur" together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts off with an introduction of Joint Director Ashwin Kumar at the annual function of India's premier police investigating agency, the Central Department of Investigation (CDI). At the function (1 April 2008), his senior officers hand him over a double murder case. The film then goes into a flashback of events leading to the murders.
On the night of 15–16 March 2008, Shruti Tandon (Ayesha Parveen), a 14-year girl is found dead at her home in Sameer Vihar of Noida, by her parents Ramesh (Neeraj Kabi) and Nutan (Konkona Sen Sharma). The local policemen, led by Inspector Dhaniram (Gajraj Rao) are incompetent, and do not know the basics of criminal investigation. Initially, they seek the missing servant Khempal. However, later, Khempal's decomposed body is found on the terrace of the building in which the Tandons live. The police question Khempal's close friend and Tandons' assistant Kanhaiya. Kanhaiya tells the police that Ramesh Tandon might have been involved in an extra-marital affair, and Khempal might have been involved in a relationship with Shruti. The police start suspecting the Tandons, and after sometime, declare the murders as a clear case of honour killing. On 25 March, the Noida police arrest Ramesh Tandon for the two murders. The police chief organizes a press conference in which he declares that Ramesh murdered Shruti and Khempal after finding them in a compromising position. This character assassination of Shruti leads to public outrage, and the case is handed over to the Central Department of Investigation (CDI), the country's elite investigating police agency.
The CDI team is led by Joint Director Ashwin Kumar (Irrfan Khan) and ACP Vedant (Soham Shah). Kumar holds contempt for the sloppy first responders who botched the initial crime-scene investigation. He believes the parents to be innocent, and methodically builds a case against the father's resentful assistant. His team uses narco tests, attempting to prove that the assistant and his two accomplices committed the murders. On 22 June 2008, he officially exonerates the parents, and Ramesh Tandon is released from the jail. The narrative also briefly discusses the dissolution of Kumar's marriage with Reema (Tabu).
Just as Ashwin Kumar is about to conclude his investigation, his senior officer retires and a new CDI chief takes over. ACP Vedant, in his greed to get a promotion, starts working against Kumar. This leads to an altercation between the two officers, resulting in Kumar's suspension. On 9 July 2008, CDI hands over the case to a new probe team led by Kumar's former boss Paul (Atul Kumar), who concludes that the parents committed the murders. In the final act, rival camps (of Kumar and Paul), with opposing hypotheses, make their cases before the CDI chief. On 20 February 2011, CDI files a closure report in Ghaziabad court, naming parents as the prime suspects, but states that the evidence is insufficient to initiate prosecution. On 15 March, the Tandons file a protest plea opposing CDI's report. On 25 March, the judge rejects the closure report and makes the parents an accused in the case. The trial begins on 8 June 2012, and the Tandons are convicted for the murders on 26 November 2013.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Anuradha Verma (Aishwarya Rai) is a prominent criminal lawyer and a single mother who has never lost a case. On the day of a parent-child race organized in her daughter Sanaya's (Sara Arjun) school, Sanaya is kidnapped. The kidnapper contacts Anuradha and tells her that she has to defend a convicted felon in order to get her daughter back. Anuradha lies to family and friends, saying that Sanaya is safe at her grandmother's house, so that the law is not involved. The felon is Niyaaz Shaikh (Chandan Roy Sanyal) who is convicted for the rape and murder of a young woman named Sia Priya Banerjee, and the case against him is set for judgement in four days. The kidnapper keeps track of Anuradha very closely to make sure that she complies with all demands. All evidence suggests that Niyaaz is the murderer, and so Anuradha has to work hard to win the case, and with time running out, she tries to get help from her police friend Yohan (Irrfan Khan), who has been suspended from the police force by other corrupt officers for flouting the rules and regulations too often.
The case against Niyaaz is being closely monitored by powerful politician Mahesh Maklai (Jackie Shroff). Mahesh asks renowned public prosecutor (Atul Kulkarni), who has been defeated by Anuradha in the past, to take up the case as rape is a critical issue the current government is fighting. Anuradha tries to gather information by hook or crook, including lying to Sia's mother Garima Chaudhary (Shabana Azmi). Anuradha discovers that Mahesh's son Sam Siddhanth Kapoor was Sia's boyfriend, and Niyaaz was their drug dealer. Niyaaz had raped and killed Sia after delivering drugs to her home, during which time Sam was intoxicated and passed out. Upon awakening, Sam panicked and contacted his father, who helped him get rid of Sia's body.
Anuradha is able to get Niyaaz out on bail due to lack of evidence and also implicates Mahesh and Sam as co-conspirators of the murder, thus destroying the political career of Mahesh. As Yohan and Anuradha continue digging, they realise that Garima is behind the kidnapping of her daughter. Garima forced Anuradha to defend Niyaaz, so that he could be freed. Garima then kidnapped Niyaaz and burned him alive, since she finds the death sentence or life imprisonment to be insufficient punishment for someone who brutally raped and murdered her daughter. Anuradha, though initially infuriated after finding out the truth, offers her services as a lawyer to Garima after she is apprehended by police.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Anshul a.k.a. Gogo (Kartik Aaryan), Siddharth a.k.a. Chauka (Sunny Nijar) and Tarun a.k.a. Thakur (Omkar Kapoor) are flatmates and best friends. Gogo meets Ruchika a.k.a. Chiku (Nushrat Bharucha) and gives her his number. Siddharth ends up meeting Supriya (Sonnalli Seygall) at a family wedding and instantly falls for her. Thakur meets Kusum (Ishita Raj Sharma) while working out at the gym and they start seeing each other. The guys get into relationships with the girls. However, love gets lost in a while. Gogo disapproves of the proximity between Chiku and Sunny, her best friend. Siddharth helps Supriya and her family in their chores, but Supriya is not willing to take the relationship forward. Kusum does not support Thakur in his business adventure and is using him for her luxuries. After some time, Gogo finds out that Chiku always badmouths about him with her friends, Thakur has an argument with Kusum about his business and he realises that Kusum is selfish. Supriya's marriage is fixed with an NRI Pankaj, when her parents find out about Siddharth's love for her they disapprove the match. That night Supriya arrives and says she will only marry Siddharth, The following morning Supriya's father arrives with police. Supriya testifies against Siddharth due to her father's threatening. Siddharth explains to her father that he will never see Supriya again and she can marry Pankaj without expecting any hindrances from him in exchange for dropping the police case against him. All three boys leave the girls. The film ends with them acknowledging that the only place where they can get true love is from their mother.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Alia Arora (Alia Bhatt) is an orphan who is adopted by Bipin Arora (Pankaj Kapur) whose wife Geetu Arora (Niki Aneja Walia) and mother-in-law Kamla Arora (Sushma Seth) are extremely business minded and have no feeling except for money. Alia is hated by Geetu and Kamla but is loved by Bipin and his daughter Isha (Sanah Kapoor). Alia is also an insomniac who Bipin encourages to sleep by giving dreams drawn on paper but doesn't succeed.
The girls grow and while driving to the palatial wedding place for Isha, Bipin's car is hit by Jagjinder Joginder aka JJ (Shahid Kapoor) driving his motorcycle and abuses him comically, and is later revealed to be the event manager for Isha's marriage. The marriage is being arranged as a business merger between the Fundwanis led by Mr Fundwani (Sanjay Kapoor) and Aroras. The bride groom Robin Fundwani (Vikas Verma) is a fitness freak and is obsessed with his abs; he looks at Isha with contempt because she has a thick body. Through some magical and comical moments Alia and JJ (who is also an insomniac due to loss of his mother in riots) get attracted to each other and finding peace among each other end up sleeping and thus curing their insomnia. Kamla has a sneezing accident and dies. But the Aroras are desperate for the marriage as they are bankrupt and really need the money from the merger of the two families.
Robin on the other hand escalates the friction by verbally abusing Isha at many instances leading to Isha breaking her marriage off at the wedding dais and her speech inspires every one to believe in themselves and their real inner self. Frustrated Fundwani tries to physically force the marriage through and it is revealed that the Fundwanis are bankrupt too. Alia, Isha, JJ, Bipin and Robin escape from the scene and fly off to a happy ending.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the badlands of Delhi's dystopic underbelly, Titli, the youngest member of a violent car-jacking brotherhood, plans to escape from the 'family' and their line of work. He gets married to Neelu as planned by Titli's brothers to leash him. In a desperate attempt Titli betrays his brothers by informing beforehand about a job of theirs to police to get away from their clutches. Neelu even though married to Titli, she pines for a wealthy married man. Titli supports this for his financial gain. Even though Titli has been free from his family's stranglehold, nothing goes as planned. Neelu and Titli gets back together, their exploitative partnership comes to a metamorphosis where they plan to start a new life together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Four Youngsters high on drugs get involved in an accident of a gangster. This sucks them into the underworld where the conspiracies are so complex that even cops after finding the murder of these youngsters on camera cannot find the reality behind the crime.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A sex worker and her client meet each other again after having spent a night together before. Through a journey, they discover each other and a relationship that change their lives forever. A night with Soumitra Roy aka Sammy (Parambrata Chatterjee) changes the life of a call-girl named Mallika (Paoli Dam). The question arises as to whether they are each other's twin souls which isn't quite the same thing as soulmates. Soumitra accidentally lands up at Mallika's place of work to spend the night with her due to the insistence of his two friends that he should gain some experience. Numerous hilarious scenes follow after which the couple enjoy a refreshing outing together during the night. The couple then incidentally meets up again after five years during a train journey from Mumbai to New Delhi where those fond memories are rekindled and their romance blossoms. Mallika (now name changed to Devanshi S. Roy) misses her train to Kota, where she had opened a home for the under-privileged girls after leaving her brothel job at Mumbai. She boards the next train viz. Sampark Kranti Express to Delhi and bumps into Soumitro, who is going to New Delhi. Incidentally, they travel in the same coupe in AC First Class in the train and reminisce their earlier moments. She is a much changed woman now after the rustic and vulgar sounding brothel girl. This was possible due to her meeting Sammy, who brought about a total change in her. He said that he is married to Akshara (Vidya Malvade) and she stays in Delhi and is an aspiring Municipal Corporator. When they reach Delhi, Devanshi alights and goes missing. Sammy tries hard to search for her at the railway platform but fails to do so. In fact, he liked Devanshi and wanted to settle down with her but she thought that she would intrude into his married life, whereas Sammy had actually separated from Akshara two years ago, which he did not inform Devanshi during the train journey. Now they were just friends and not a couple. Sammy came in contact with his twin soul but lost her out forever.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Yuvraj Vijay Singh (Salman Khan) is the very rich crown prince of Pritampur, who is soon to be crowned as king (namesake, as there are no official kings, kingdoms in Modern India). He is engaged to Maithili (Sonam Kapoor) a princess from the royal family of a neighboring kingdom. However, due to his stiff and stubborn nature Vijay faces many problems with Maithili as well as with his brother and sisters. His rich half sisters Rajkumari Chandrika (Swara Bhaskar) and Rajkumari Radhika (Aashika Bhatia) live in a separate rented bungalow outside the royal palace with Chandrika working as an accounts head in a municipal school and have filed case against Vijay for a share in the royal property, because they felt their mother (Lata Sabharwal)(a poet and later mistress to the late King) was wronged by the Queen(Karuna Pandey)when she disgraced her in the presence of all of the King's children. Furthermore, Radhika's and Maithili earlier who were best friends during school times, their friendship is shattered owing her engagement with Vijay. Similarly, his half brother Yuvraj Ajay Singh (Neil Nitin Mukesh) vows vengeance and has been wanting to kill him and take the crown for himself. He enlists the help of his manager Chirag Singh (Armaan Kohli) and Vijay's secretary Sameera(Samaira Rao), Chirag is misguiding Ajay at every step while betraying him at his back. Yuvraj Vijay barely escapes an assassination plan coordinated by Yuvraj Ajay and Chirag to kill him but gets badly injured. He's hidden in a secret chamber maintained by two doctors.
Meanwhile, Vijay's lookalike Prem Dilwale (Salman Khan), a love guru, perky, lively and carefree stage actor who falls in love with Princess Maithili, reaches Pritampur to meet her along with his friend Kanhaiya (Deepak Dobriyal). At a bus stop, the Security Head of Pritampur Palace, Sanjay (Deepraj Rana), notices him by chance, and takes him to Diwan Sahib (Anupam Kher). Upon witnessing the striking resemblance between Prem and Yuvraj Vijay, Diwan asks Prem to take Yuvraj Vijay's place while Yuvraj recovers from coma. Prem acts as Yuvraj Vijay but with his simple and caring nature, he impresses Maithili who earlier wanted to break up with Vijay and falls in love with Prem unknowingly. Prem also attempts to reconcile with his sisters by bringing them back to the royal palace; he prepares legal documents handing over all of the royal family's properties to them. His half-sisters are so moved by this gesture that, with a little push from Maithili, they eventually have a change of heart and decline to deprive prince of his fortune and reconcile with him as his sisters.
Meanwhile, Yuvraj Ajay and Chirag find out that Prem is only playing the part of the prince, and thus they kidnap the real Yuvraj Vijay. Chirag decides to double cross Ajay, as he frees Vijay and feeds him false information to pit him against Ajay and Prem. Vijay and Ajay get involved in a sword fight when Prem and Kanhaiya intervene and clear the confusion. Chirag tries to shoot them down but falls to his death. Ajay regrets his deeds, and Vijay reconciles with him. Maithili is shocked to know the truth about Prem not being Yuvraj Vijay, after Prem has left to return to his home. At the end, the royal family reaches Prem's house to reunite Prem and Maithili, they get happily married along with Kanhaiyya and Sameera.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Freida (Sarah-Jane Dias) is a fashion photographer who invites a group of friends to her family's home to announce that she is getting married. The group consists of Madhurita or Mad (Anushka Manchanda), a Bollywood singer, Pamela Jaswal or Pammy (Pavleen Gujral), a trophy wife, Suranjana or Su (Sandhya Mridul), a businesswoman, Nargis (Tannishtha Chatterjee), an activist and Joanna or Jo (Amrit Maghera), an aspiring actress. The announcement sets off a chain of reactions, letting out hidden secrets. After the announcement, the wild bunch of girls from all over India descends upon Goa. Thus begins an impromptu bachelorette party, and a riotous roller-coaster ride of girl-bonding. Amidst the fun and frenzy, the girls are oblivious of the impending doom and go on living life like there is no tomorrow.
Everything's set for a night of celebration. There's only one issue: Frieda won't say who her betrothed is. As they banter their way through celebration, their conversation, derived entirely from improvisations among the actors, covers everything from sex to street harassment to the buff (and often shirtless) next-door neighbour. During the trip, the women are harassed and they react boldly. Their harassers are enraged and they are shaken. As the holiday progresses, we become acquainted with the women's dreams, desires, fears and, above all, their unwavering bond with one another -a bond that eventually takes them to extreme lengths. Later, the ladies come to know that Freida is getting married to Nargis (which is illegal under the IPC section 377). A night before the marriage, the group decides to party . At the party, a heated argument between Jo and the ladies regarding her accent leads Jo to walk out, but the party continues till late in the night. When they decide to go home, they look about for Jo . She is found dead on the beach, apparently raped. The doctor, who arrives in the ambulance, refuses to remove her before the police come as she is already dead. The police reach shortly and the police officer in charge (Adil Hussain) conducts his preliminary inquiries in a manner that shames the women, reiterating their lack of faith in a patriarchal society that treats women shabbily. They go home, distraught and frustrated. Su's daughter Maya had followed Jo when she left the party and clicked photos of her subsequently. The snaps reveal that it is the group of men who had harassed the friends earlier had raped Jo. The women take the evidence back to the police but encounter resistance once again. One of the women, Su, heads back to the beach with a gun. The rest of the group follows and before you know it, all five rapists are shot dead. At Jo's funeral, the group makes a series of sentimental speeches, Nargis' speech summarizing the worth of a woman and hopes that in the next lives of women, they would be able to write their own stories. The police officer interrupts the ceremony, asking for a confession of guilt from the women and wanting them to stand up. The story has an open-ended conclusion when the entire congregation in the church stands up in solidarity with the women.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Ved (Ranbir Kapoor) and Tara's (Deepika Padukone) monotonous back stories as people in the corporate world. A flashback shows, as a child in Shimla, Ved is fascinated by the stories narrated by a road side story teller (Piyush Mishra) who keeps mixing up his characters.
The film moves to real time where Tara meets adult Ved, while both are holidaying in Corsica. They come up with an amusing verbal pact to keep their real identities undisclosed. They explore the island together. They pretend to be "Don" and "Mona Darling" and talk in filmy dialogues. When she realizes she is falling in love with Ved, Tara decides to leave Corsica despite the romantic friendship with him. The story flashes back to young Ved who questions the story-teller about the reason for happy times ending quickly and notices each story has a sad episode in it.
Tara returns to Kolkata, India. Tara's father (played by Nikhil Bhagat) hands over his tea business to Tara, she expands it by starting a line of tea boutiques, taking the company ahead. She is off to Delhi for work and four years have passed. One day, Tara surprisingly meets Ved, who is now a product manager. They reveal their original identities. They plan for a date at a Japanese restaurant. She expects him to talk like the days in Corsica but Ved talks about business. She calls Ved up home to be intimate. Ved leaves for his home and next morning Ved wakes up on time, completes the morning chores, wipes the car, ignores the transgender on the way, lets a female colleague into the lift—all this happens on his way to the office. He fixes a plan for meeting Tara again in the evening. Each morning to evening, similar incidents repeat monotonously. On Ved's birthday, he proposes to Tara but she is unhappy with the real-life Ved. She declines the proposal. Ved leaves for his home by an auto-rickshaw. The driver (played by Ishteyak Khan) narrates how his dreams of becoming a singer were crushed. Ved breaks down and his residual mental disorder is triggered.
An exacerbated Ved due to his psychotic break, ends up upsetting his boss with nonsensical presentation in a business meeting. Ved begs Tara to come back to his life. She indirectly informs him she is fixated in Ved's divergent personality from Corsica, not the matured Ved who lives by societal conventions. Later Tara expresses her realization of hurting him and apologizes. Frustrated Ved leaves. Next day, Ved continues his office routine with a change, gives a diamond ring to the transgender and he gets evicted from his workplace for his continuous mindless behaviors.
Ved comes back to Shimla and reveals he was jobless and wandering for six months. After a tussle with his father, Ved gains introspection from a reflection in the mirror, he realizes that to complete his own story, he needs to meet the old story-teller. The old story-teller criticizes Ved's irrationality, and confronts him to complete his own story. This opens Ved's eyes. Ved narrates his life story to his family members. Moved by this, his father forgives him for leaving engineering and lets Ved pursue his life as he wishes.
Ved returns to Delhi and takes the diamond ring returned to him by the affectionate transgender. Tara, after finishing a business meeting at Oracle in Tokyo, heads for refreshment where she finds a note titled "Don Returns". Perplexed about Ved's presence, she moves around the office campus and Ved draws her attention with the "Don" personality from Corsica. The film goes into a flashback and shows scenes from Shimla of a free spirited-young Ved, a college going Ved and an adult Ved. The film returns to present day (first scene of the film) where Ved and Tara complete the process of putting up an elaborated skit on stage (in continuation of the opening scene of the film) a spectacle which depicts of their own life story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins with rich businessman Aditya Dewan (Shaman Joshi) and his wife Siya (Zareen Khan), inaugurating a hospital in memory of his brother, Vikram. He shares an touching story of Vikram donating half of his liver to Karan (Vikram's close friend) who had a liver issue.
Out of the blue, a stranger Saurav Singhania (Karan Singh Grover), gifts Aditya an expensive car and invites him and his wife for lunch. At lunch, Saurav makes an absurd deal of spending a night with Siya in return of giving Aditya's company a very big profit. Aditya angrily rejects the offer.
Saurav starts plotting to destroy Aditya's business. At first, he bribes one of Aditya's factory workers to mix pesticides in his cola factory, forcing Aditya to shut down and leading him to put all the blame on one of his trusted employees Kaya (Daisy Shah).
Kaya flies to Malaysia, at Saurav's place, where Saurav makes Kaya a deal of giving her anything if she helps him, but she rejects the offer. Next morning, Saurav tells her a fake story of his sister committing suicide because of Aditya.
Aditya asks Kaya to deliver funds to a politician, in telecommunications. But this is revealed to be a trap, when Aditya learns that Saurav has lied to Kaya, the whole time. On TV, the chief minister says that he had no connections with the person who delivered the money. Saurav calls Kaya to his house and tells her he can help her. He has her phone Aditya and tell him that she doesn't what to be a pawn anymore, and wants to be off of the accusations on her. When Kaya is upset, Saurav comforts her and kills her by twisting her neck and puts the blame on Aditya. Seeing all the evidences go against Aditya, Siya spends a night with Saurav. She learns that Vikram was killed, in a plane crash, by Aditya & her in a bid for Aditya to become chairman. Siya poisons Saurav and gets Aditya's evidence of Innocence. Aditya gets bailed.
Aditya gets ready to set arrangements for a new project. Saurav enters the building and kills all of his security. After that, Saurav and Aditya engage in a physical fight with both of them getting injured, right at the end, Saurav kills Siya and Aditya and collapses.
It is revealed that, Vikram survives the plane crash, handicapped. The movie ends with Saurav recovering and a dialogue "Relationships are made of the heart not blood."
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the early 18th century, the court of Maratha King, Chhattrapati Shahu (Mahesh Manjrekar) needs a new Peshwa, the equivalent of a modern-day prime minister. In spite of Shripad Rao's (Aditya Pancholi) self-nomination as the Pant Pratinidhi, Ambaji Pant (Milind Soman) chooses to nominate a young Bajirao (Ranveer Singh). To test his spiritual wisdom and knowledge of weaponry, Shripad challenges Bajirao to split a peacock feather with an arrow. Bajirao succeeds and is given the title of Shrimant Peshwa. Ten years later, his wife Kashibai (Priyanka Chopra) is visited by her widowed friend Bhanu (Snehlata Girish Vasaikar), whose husband was accused of spying and hence was ordered to be executed by Bajirao. She bitterly forebodes that just like she longs for her husband, Kashi, too, will yearn for Bajirao.
While traveling to Sironja, an emissary from Bundelkhand infiltrates Bajirao's tent and demands his help in fighting invaders. She reveals herself to be Mastani (Deepika Padukone), the daughter of the Hindu Rajput King, Chhatrasal (Benjamin Gilani) and his Persian Muslim consort, 'Ruhani Bai'. Impressed by her skills as a warrior, Bajirao assists her with his army and defeats the invaders. Chhatrasal is overjoyed and insists that Bajirao spend Holi with them. Mastani and Bajirao develop feelings for each other and he gifts her his dagger, which is a symbol of marriage among the Bundelkhand Rajputs. He soon departs for Pune, where Kashi greets him with a tour of their newly-built Shaniwar Wada and shows him the Aaina Mahal (hall of mirrors) which allows her to see him from her room.
Determined to pursue her love, Mastani arrives in Pune but is treated harshly by Bajirao's mother Radhabai (Tanvi Azmi) and accommodated in the palace for courtesans. She tolerates this insult and appears to dance before Bajirao on the occasion of Parava. Radhabai scornfully offers her the occupation of a royal dancer, but refuses to accept her as a daughter-in-law. Mastani travels to the King and expresses her desire to be with Bajirao before leaving to wait for him at a ruin across the river. Bajirao crosses the river in the midst of a storm and chides her persistence, reminding her that he is already married and that his court will never respect her if she is with him. She agrees despite his warning and he declares her as his second wife.
Bajirao leaves to confront the Nizam of Deccan (Raza Murad) and although his odds of victory are slim, he returns successful. A pregnant Kashibai witnesses Bajirao embracing Mastani, who is also expecting, in the Aaina Mahal and leaves for her mother's home. She returns months later with her newborn son, who is named Raghunath in joyous celebration. Mastani also gives birth to a son, whom Mastani and Bajirao name Krishna Rao, but when Krishnaji Bhatt, the head Brahmin priest, refuses to conduct the naamkaran (Hindu christening ceremony) and he is deemed illegitimate, Bajirao names him Shamsher Bahadur. A few years later, Kashi and Bajirao's eldest son Balaji Baji Rao (alias Nana Saheb, played by Ayush Tandon) returns from Satara and expresses hatred towards Mastani for disrupting his mother's marriage.
Kashibai is informed of a treacherous plan to murder Mastani and her son during a festival by Shiva Bhatt, another Brahmin priest. Kashibai reluctantly relays this news to Bajirao, who rescues both of them from certain death. Following the murder of Shiva Bhatt by Krishnaji Bhatt, Bajirao is enraged. For Mastani's safety and to grant her a royal abode, Bajirao builds Mastani Mahal for her. Bajirao, however, is broken hearted due to the betrayal of Radhabai and Chiman Appa, when Pant informs him that he must defeat Nasir, the vengeful son of the Nizam. Bajirao proclaims that even if he loves Mastani, his life and allegiance is always to his cause, so he decides to enter the battlefield. Here, before leaving for the battlefield, Bajirao meets Kashi, as tradition held the wife sending off the husband into battle, who reveals to him that he has broken her heart and compares their love with that of Krishna and Rukmini. She, heart broken, orders him never to enter her chamber again; which Bajirao accepts teary eyed and leaves.
After Bajirao leaves for battle, Radhabai and Nana Saheb imprison Mastani and Shamsher Bahadur.
After Bajirao single-handedly defeats Nasir, he receives news of this treachery and collapses from his injuries. At his deathbed, Kashi pleads with Radhabai to release Mastani so that Bajirao can recover, but her attempt is futile as Balaji Baji Rao burns the letter and refuses to release Mastani. Bajirao, delirious due to his sickness, dies from the trauma of his hallucinations, just as Mastani passes away in captivity. The two fated lovers are shown to be united in death.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins in Goa, where Raj leaves his auto repair shop to confront Mani for stealing a man’s cell phone. Mani tells Raj that he is stealing it for his younger brother, whom he must care for after both of their parents died. While out driving, Veer sees a woman, Ishita, hitchhiking but his friend refuses to pick her up. However, after he stops the car to urinate and leave his friend and went back to ishita, and he agrees to take her where she needs to go, damaging the car in his rush to get there. For penance, Raj forces Veer to work in the shop day and night. Veer’s friend Siddhu provides him with coffee so he can stay awake to fix the car. However, he falls asleep anyway and awakes to find that the car’s sound system has been stolen. Siddhu takes it to a pawn shop to sell it, having stolen the sound system while Veer was asleep.
The men of the local gang leader, King, try to sell drugs at a crab shack. Veer beats them up after they threaten Ishita. They then come back later to exact revenge on Veer, but Raj breaks up the fight. Raj’s men find him at the hospital where Veer is staying and tell him they know where to find King’s men. Raj goes to King's hideout, incapacitates the gang members, and burns their drug stash. Raj tells King’s men his gangster name, Kaali. King stops by Raj’s shop the next day to present a deal where Raj will fix all of King’s cars in exchange for protection.
The film then flashes back to Bulgaria. Raj is in a car chase with a rival gang, trying to make off with a container of gold, when he accidentally runs over a woman, Meera. When he gets out to help her, the rival gang catches up with him, and he has to leave. Later, Raj runs into Meera again, who works as a sketch artist. He reveals to her that he is a gangster, and that he is the son of Randhir Bakshi, the leader of the gang. Veer attends a boarding school where Raj only comes to visit once a month. Randhir and Raj talk about how Raj was adopted. Raj meets with Meera again, and she asks him to take care of some guys who are troubling her. She also asks him to celebrate her birthday with her the next day. He promises to take care of a job early and then meet her in the evening. The next day, Raj is engaged in a car chase. His car gets blown up and rolls over, trapping him inside. He is confronted by Meera, who he finds out is the daughter of the rival gang’s leader, Malik. She reveals that their entire relationship so far was designed so that Malik’s gang could have a chance to kill him. She holds a gun to his head, but she chooses to spare his life this time. Later, Raj gets a new car and engages in a car chase with Meera, eventually pushing her car to the edge of a cliff. He saves Meera from falling off the cliff, then tells her that the next time he sees her, he will kill her. Despite this warning, she later comes to his home and tells him that she loves him. At first he refuses to listen to her, but then he admits that he loves her, too. They make plans to tell their parents about their relationship.
The film quickly flashes back to Goa, where Veer discovers that Siddhu has been putting sleeping pills in Veer’s coffee so that he fell asleep on his shift, allowing Siddhu to steal items from the shop. Veer is upset, but Siddhu explains it is for his girlfriend, Jenny. They agree to help each other secure girlfriends. As a consequence, Veer reveals his feelings to Ishita. Upon finding out about their relationship, Raj wants to meet Ishita’s family. When Raj visits Ishita’s house, he discovers that Meera is Ishita’s older sister.
The film then quickly flashes back to Bulgaria, where Malik agrees to meet Randhir, but, secretly, he plans to kill him. The meeting breaks into a shootout, during which Malik shoots Randhir. Randhir then shoots Malik, and both men die. Raj holds Randhir and takes the gun out of his hand. Meera finds Raj and believes that he killed her father, for which she shoots Raj; however, he survives the gunshot. Both Meera and Raj decide to move far away from Bulgaria and start a new life.
The film is again in Goa, where Veer and Ishita come up with several plots to bring Meera and Raj together. As a side plot, Mani steals King’s car and brings it to the shop, where Veer discovers drugs in the trunk and decides to burn them. Ishita tells Raj that Meera has not forgotten her first love. King comes to Meera’s house one night, but Raj, as Kaali, shows up and stops them from causing her any harm. King asks Meera later if she knows Kaali, but she refuses to acknowledge their relationship.
Meera issues an ultimatum that in order to marry Ishita, Veer must move in with Meera. Meera also tells him that Raj is adopted and not his blood brother. Veer says that he loves Ishita, but he cannot abandon his brother. Raghav, one of Malik’s men, decides to tell Meera that Raj did not kill Malik, but that Malik had shot Randhir, who had shot Malik in return. Upon learning this, Meera tells Veer that he can marry Ishita and stay with Raj.
Siddhu and Jenny get married. King shows up at the wedding, having tracked down his stolen car, which is now being used as the bride and groom’s getaway car. King starts to cause a disturbance, but Raj beats him up. King then tries to shoot Raj, but accidentally shoots Meera. The gunshot doesn't turn out to be fatal.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) officer Daanish Ali (Farhan Akhtar) lives a blissful life with his wife Ruhana (Aditi Rao Hydari) and little daughter Noorie. One day, while Daanish is driving with Noorie, he spots a known terrorist, Farooq Rameez and chases him. Noorie is killed in the ensuing shootout while Rameez escapes. Ruhana is shattered and blames Daanish for Noorie's death. Daanish later kills Rameez during a police operation, angering the ATS bosses, who wanted Rameez alive to find out which politician he was going to meet.
A grief-stricken Daanish is about to kill himself at Noorie's grave when a mysterious van appears, driving off when Daanish yells at it. Daanish finds a wallet lying where the van was, goes to return it, and meets its owner, a wheelchair-bound chess master named Pandit Omkar Nath Dhar (Amitabh Bachchan), who tells him he was Noorie's chess teacher. Pandit starts teaching Daanish chess and tells him about his own late daughter Nina, who used to teach chess to Ruhi (Mazel Vyas), the daughter of Welfare Minister Yazaad Qureshi (Manav Kaul). Nina mysteriously slipped down the stairs at Qureshi's house, dying. Pandit is convinced this was not an accident. Intrigued, Daanish tries to meet Qureshi, but police officers at his office threaten Daanish with arrest. Pandit meets Ruhana and asks her to help his class of children complete a drama that Nina wrote. Daanish meets Qureshi's daughter Ruhi at her school and asks her about Nina, but Ruhi is taken away. Qureshi threatens Ruhi for talking to Daanish. Pandit is later brutally attacked by Wazir (Neil Nitin Mukesh), an assassin sent by Qureshi, who warns Pandit and Daanish to stop chasing Qureshi.
Pandit leaves for Kashmir, where Qureshi is headed. Wazir calls Daanish and threatens to kill Pandit. Daanish frantically chases Pandit's van but Wazir blows it up, killing Pandit. Determined to exact revenge and discover who Wazir is, Daanish makes a plan with the SP (John Abraham). During Qureshi's speech, the SP detonates explosives, causing panic, and holds off police, giving Daanish time. Daanish breaks into Qureshi's room and demands to know where Wazir is. Qureshi claims he doesn't know anybody called Wazir. Crying, Ruhi reveals to Daanish that Qureshi is not her father - he is actually one of the militants who massacred her entire village and posed as her father when Indian Army troops arrived. Ruhi had told Nina this, so Qureshi killed Nina. Daanish realizes that Rameez and the other terrorists had come to meet Qureshi, and shoots him dead.
A few days later, while watching Pandit's drama by the kids, Daanish realizes the truth: Pandit was in fact the play's 'weak pawn' who befriended a 'strong rook' (Daanish) who would kill a 'wicked king' (Qureshi). Shocked, Daanish finds Pandit's housekeeper, who says that she didn't actually see Wazir on the night he attacked Pandit. She gives Daanish a USB pen-drive which Pandit had told her to give Daanish if he came looking for 'Wazir.' In the pen-drive is a video of Pandit explaining what he did: Wazir actually never existed. He was just a persona created by Pandit, who knew that due to his handicap, he was powerless against Qureshi. Pandit intentionally dropped his wallet near Noorie's grave so Daanish could find it and befriend him. Pandit's knife wounds from Wazir's "attack" were self-inflicted and he had used voice recordings to pose as Wazir on the phone. Pandit knew that he would have to sacrifice himself to ensure that Daanish would kill Qureshi and get revenge for both of them. Shaken by the revelation, Daanish and Ruhana reunite.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is the emotional journey of two teachers Vidya (Shabana Azmi) and Jyoti (Juhi Chawla) who is serving at a Mumbai–based high school. Their passion and love for teaching bonds them in a special relationship with their students. Their gratification is good grades and the moral values they strive to impart to students. However, in an evil turn of events, a wicked lady, Kamini Gupta (Divya Dutta), is appointed as the principal, thus changing the fate of the administration.
Vidya is one of the senior staff members at this fair to middling educational institution, which has thus far functioned smoothly. Everything changes with the appointment of the new principal. The teachers face unpleasant surprises when the popular and considerate Indu (Zarina Wahab) is replaced by the ambitious and cut-throat Kamini, who aspires to upscale this middle-class school. Teachers' chairs are removed from the classrooms, the tea is no longer free and subjects are juggled so that, for example, the overweight Hindi teacher is now assigned physical training.
All of this is too much for the good-hearted Vidya, who suffers a heart attack after a sudden and unfair dismissal. In solidarity, her friend and colleague Jyoti decides to take on Kamini and the misdirected board of trustees, led by Anmol (Arya Babbar). This entails using a TV channel as a platform for reminding viewers that teachers need support, recognition and more pay.
The drama ends with a recovered Vidya and Jyoti taking on a Who Wants to Be A Millionaire-style quiz to win Rs.5 crore. The trade-off is that if they lose, they will have to accept their termination. Vidya and Jyoti use their talents and win the quiz battle. Unwillingly, the trustee Anmol signs the bank cheque of 5 crore rupees. The principal Kamini apologizes to Vidya and Jyoti publicly through over the TV show. At the end, Vidya reveals that she will be handing over the money to former principal Indu to build a school where no teacher will be discriminated against and students will have a good education for less cost.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rebellious Flower is inspired by life of spiritual guru Rajneesh Osho. The plot is based on several incidents from his childhood and young life. Child Raja embarks on a journey within himself to understand the universal truth. He meets three mentors - Magga baba, Pagal baba, and Masto baba, who guide him through his journey and help him find the true essence of being
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 1990 Kuwait, Indian businessman Ranjit Katyal (Akshay Kumar) is a fictional character based on the real-life events of Mathunny Mathews. Ranjit is a successful Kuwait-based businessman who is very well-connected in Kuwait and Iraq, and makes a happy home with his wife Amrita (Nimrat Kaur) and little daughter Simu. He calls himself a Kuwaiti and is often derisive towards Indians.
After a night of partying, Ranjit is woken up to a phone call from his friend and receives word that negotiations between Iraq and Kuwait have collapsed, and Iraqi troops have begun their advance on Kuwait. Iraq owes a large debt to Kuwait after the Iran–Iraq War and President Saddam Hussein of Iraq had urged Kuwait during earlier talks to reduce their oil supply so prices can rise in the market and Iraq can stabilize their economy. When Kuwait refused, and began slant-drilling into Iraqi oil fields, Saddam ordered the attack. That morning, Ranjit discovers that Kuwait is now mostly overrun by Iraqi soldiers. Ranjit and Nair, his driver, go out and drive to the Indian embassy in an attempt to take their family and leave Kuwait. They are eventually stopped by Iraqi soldiers at a checkpoint and Nair is shot dead amidst the confusion. A shocked Ranjit is then taken to the Emir's palace. There he meets Iraqi Republican Guard officer Major Khalaf bin Zayd (Inaamulhaq), who reveals that he was the one who pulled up to the checkpoint earlier and prevented Ranjit from any harm. Major Khalaf, who knows Ranjit from Ranjit's visits to Iraq, chides him but extends his personal friendship, ensuring Ranjit and his family's safety from the soldiers.
From there, Ranjit goes to the Indian embassy where he learns that the Kuwaiti government has fled. The some 170,000 Indians in Kuwait are now stranded as refugees. Iraqi forces continue to push through Kuwait and eventually Ranjit's mansion is broken into, but his wife and child manage to escape to his office. Ranjit convinces his friends to work together, and they set up a makeshift camp for some 500 Indians with Major Khalaf's permission. Amrita urges Ranjit to use his leverage to extricate his own family but Ranjit, who ordinarily would have just looked out for himself, appears to have a change of heart. He decides to stay and help the other Indians get out of Kuwait.
Ranjit learns that the Indian embassy in Kuwait has been evacuated and phones the Indian External Affairs Ministry in New Delhi, where he reaches the Joint Secretary, Sanjiv Kohli (Kumud Mishra), and asks for arrangements to be made for the evacuation. Later on, the camp is looted by Iraqi soldiers, terrifying everyone in it. Ranjit pays a visit to Major Khalaf and talks to him about this, to which the Major simply extends his apologies, and also reveals that President Saddam has already permitted Indians to leave Kuwait, but the problem is that they have no way to do so. Ranjit travels to Baghdad to try and set up a way out of Kuwait but the Indian embassy there is of no help. The only remaining option, Iraqi Foreign Minister Tariq Aziz, turns out to be helpful. He discloses that an Indian merchant ship is due to arrive in Iraq with various supplies, and permits the Indian refugees to leave on the ship. However, Ranjit later receives news that there is a UN embargo and ships are barred from entering or leaving Iraq, effectively crushing their hopes of getting out.
Meanwhile, Kohli is somewhat of a sluggard, but when his father (Arun Bali) recounts their tale of woe during the partition of India, Kohli is inspired to actively help Ranjit. He approaches the national airline, Air India, to orchestrate an evacuation of the 170,000 Indians in Kuwait and gets the Indian embassy at Amman, Jordan to issue permits. As the Indians leave Kuwait, Ranjit comes across yet another checkpoint where he encounters hostile Iraqi soldiers who, in absence of any passports or ID, threaten to kill Amrita. The hostilities escalate into a skirmish between Ranjit and the soldiers, following which the people in Ranjit's convoy come forward and outnumber the Iraqi soldiers. Ranjit lets them live and the convoy passes. They arrive in Jordan and Air India and Indian Airlines supplies the planes and pilots to fly the Indians back. The Indians salute Ranjit as they board the planes that will take them home.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jugni (Firefly) is the beat of the soul, the free-flying spirit. Jugni is Vibhavari or 'Vibs' (Sugandha Garg). Vibs is a music director, working on her first big break in the Hindi film industry. When work and home affairs, with her live-in boyfriend Sid (Samir Sharma) hit a high tide, Vibs hits the road with a glint of hope; to find music. The journey takes her to a village in Punjab in the search of a Bibi Saroop (Sadhana Singh), whose voice holds the promise that Vibs is searching for. But as the twist of fate would have it, Mastana (Siddhant Behl), Bibi's son and a proficient singer himself, is the voice and man who winds his way into Vibs' heart. From here on, Jugni is about striking balances, making tough decisions while trying to soften the blows and dealing with the studied dramatic turns and unpredictabilities of life and finding the place which one can call home; home of the heart, where the firefly is at her brightest.
-----------------------------------------------------------
After been kicked out by his father, Kanhaiya (Tusshar Kapoor), along with his jobless friend Rocky (Aftab Shivdasani) goes to Thailand, where Mickey (Krishna Abhishek) offers them to work in porn films. Desperate to earn money they both accept the job and kick-start their porn star career by working in adult versions of Bollywood movie such as Chennai Sexpress (Chennai Express), Kholay (Sholay), Lick (Kick), Lingam (Singham) etc., along with other porn stars like Shakuntala (Claudia Ciesla) and Meri Lee (Gizele Thakral).
With a twist of fate, Kanhaiya falls in love with Shalu (Mandana Karimi), a beautiful Indian woman who is unaware of Kanhaiya's profession. As Kanhaiya proposes to Shalu, she calls her father Surya Karjatiya (Darshan Jariwala) to meet his family. Unable to get any other solution, Kanhaiya decides to arrange a fake family out of a team of porn stars. But it soon becomes a comedy of errors as both Rocky and Mickey arrive disguised as Kanhaiya's father. Things get more funny when Kanhaiya's real father PK Lele (Shakti Kapoor) also arrives along with his step mother (Meghna Naidu). Kanhaiya and his team struggle to maintain the family drama, as they also secretly try to shoot their next adult movie Mughal-e-Orgasm (Mughal-e-Azam). But soon everyone figures out the reality by seeing Kanhaiya and Rocky's porn movie collection at a local DVD store. Initially upset, Karjatiya calls off the wedding, due to which Kanhaiya attempts to commit suicide, causing everyone to fall in a sand pit. Mickey uses a hot air balloon to save them. Later, Karjatiya forgives Kanhaiya and allows him to marry his daughter, while Mickey decides to direct family movies only.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prabhu Selvaraj (Tamil version)/Adi Tomar (Hindi version) (R. Madhavan) is a failed boxer who, despite being very talented, falls victim to the dirty politics in the boxing association. Ten years later, he is a coach for the women's boxing teams but is extremely angry and frustrated with the partiality in selection. Due to his rift with the association head Dev Khatri (Zakir Hussain), he is falsely charged with sexual harassment and transferred to Chennai. Despite the very poor infrastructure, Prabhu/Adi manages to find talent in a roadside fish seller Madhi (Ritika Singh), who he notices while she is thrashing the judges during her sister's tournament.
Ignoring Madhi's elder sister Lakshmi (Mumtaz Sorcar) who has been boxing for 8 years, Prabhu offers to train Madhi for a few hours daily. But the two don't get along due to Prabhu's/Adi's ruthless training methods and Madhi's aggressive nature. As a result, Madhi intentionally loses a local match. Prabhu later asks Lakshmi and Madhi's parents, Saamikannu (Kaali Venkat) and Damayanthi (Baljinder Kaur), to send them to stay in hostel with him so their daughters can work hard on training. Madhi misunderstands him, but later regrets when she finds out that Prabhu has sold his bike to buy new training equipment for her. Madhi then dedicatedly starts training with Prabhu and develops feelings for him. On the day of a qualifying match, she reveals her feelings to Prabhu and he promptly rejects her. During the warm-up before the match, a now jealous Luxmi injures Madhi's hand causing Madhi to lose. Angry, Prabhu thinks that Madhi lost intentionally again and throws her out of training camp.
Dev takes advantage of the situation by calling Madhi to Delhi for a cultural exchange tournament and makes her fight with a heavy weight Russian boxer, who knocks out Madhi in a few seconds. A demotivated Madhi is then approached by Dev with an indecent proposal, to which she reacts by injuring him. Dev takes revenge by getting her arrested on false theft charges.
Prabhu comes to the rescue and bails her out. He later takes Madhi to Delhi to get her a wild-card entry into the World Boxing Championship. Many people in the association, including Lakshmi, accuse Madhi of offering sexual favours to Prabhu. Ignoring all the accusations Madhi works hard and goes on to win the semifinal. On the day of finals, Dev removes Madhi's name from the list and asks Prabhu to resign immediately if he wants to see Madhi in the final, with the same Russian boxer who knocked her out in Delhi. Madhi gets to fight in the final round but is dejected after learning about Prabhu's resignation. She keeps losing points in the early rounds and gets badly injured before Prabhu shows up at the stadium and indicates her to attack her opponent's arms to make her weak. Madhi follows the game plan and knocks out the opponent with seconds to go in the final round. Dev quickly jumps into the ring to take the credit for training Madhi but she punches him and runs to Prabhu. Madhi and Prabhu hug each other, showing emotional reunion of a coach and student.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about Lily Lele and Laila Lele (both played by Sunny Leone), twin sisters who organise a treatment center for sex addicts. Sunny Kele (Tusshar Kapoor) and Aditya Chothia (Vir Das) are two spoilt brats who are sex-addict, meet the twin sisters and fall in love with each. Deshdrohi and Deshpremi (both played by Shaad Randhawa) are two look-alikes, Deshpremi is physically disabled and Deshdrohi is an womanizer. Lily and Deshpremi are about to get married. The story revolves around the various twists and funny chaos in their lives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts off with everybody congratulating lawyer Inder Lal Parihaar (Harshvardhan Rane) after he wins a case. Inder goes home and carries a bottle of liquor and stands in front of a large cherry blossom tree in his backyard that has a date and name carved into it. It was his wife, which leads to a series of flashbacks from Inder's past.
Saraswati "Saru" Parthasaarthy (Mawra Hocane), a young librarian who everyone thinks is ugly, due to her traditional looks, keeps away any suitable husband. Her beautiful younger sister Kaveri wants to get married, but her father will not allow her to marry before Saru does. This leads into a conflict between the two sisters as Kaveri's suitor proposed an ultimatum, stating that he will only give her one month to marry him otherwise he will move on, adding pressure on Saru to find a husband quickly. The Parthasaarthy family is a respectful, patriarchal household who lives in a building called the 'Society' where the elders, including Saru's father, monitor the activities that happen in the building while prohibiting any acts of vulgar. One day, Saru's father and Saru run into Inder, her neighbor and the son of a famous and wealthy lawyer, in the hallway with his girlfriend, a renowned stylist. Saru's father, who is very strict, is enraged to see the pair embracing each other shamelessly. As Saru hurries past them, Inder is starstruck by her simplicity and beauty.
At work, Saru harbors romantic feelings for Abhimanyu. He is wealthy, handsome and holds a high position in society. Knowing that Saru has a crush on him, Abhimanyu takes advantage of her and makes her do odd jobs for him. Saru, being the hopeless romantic she is by reading love poems that her father disapproves of, tries her very best to please him. Inder comes to the library several times asking her for books an ex-convict like himself can read.
After another multiple rejections, Saru decides to get a makeover so that she may find a husband, however, due to the long waiting list, she is told that she needs a recommendation to get the makeover as soon as possible. With her parents being out of town, she seeks the recommendation from Inder, as he is dating the renowned stylist. While Saru is at his apartment at 4:00 a.m., his drunk girlfriend comes home and presumes that Inder is cheating on her and throws a glass bottle at Saru. However Inder stands in front of her, and the bottle smashes on his back, causing blood to flow. Although Inder urges her to return home, Saru, feeling responsible, passes the night out in order to tend to the wound. The building's security guard keeps a close eye on the pair even though they do nothing inappropriate. When Saru's parents return early from their trip, the elders inform Saru's father that his daughter has spent the night with Inder. Saru's father is questionable at first but when he sees his daughter and Inder in a compromised position, he immediately jumps to conclusions. Although Saru tries to explain the situation, her father disowns her and curses her by saying that she is now dead.
Saru tells her mother what really happened between Inder and herself, and her mother believes her but since she is submissive to her husband, she cannot explain to him. This is what brings Inder and Saru together; he helps her find an apartment and also helps her get a makeover. With her new makeover, she grabs the attention of many suitors. Saru hopes that if she marries a respectable man, she may win back her place in her family. Inder falls in love with her in the process but keeps quiet when Abhimanyu proposes to her after her transformation. However, Abhimanyu stands her up on the day of the marriage because his father does not want a daughter-in-law that has been disowned. Knowing that she can never find a husband due to being disowned by her father, Saru is left heartbroken. Saru travels to her honeymoon suite and asks Inder to make love to her for consolation. At first, he refuses as he does not want her to regret anything that will happen between them, but he later agrees. The next morning however, he witnesses her embracing Abhimanyu and leaves.
Heartbroken, Inder spirals into depression, breaking off contact with Saru, as he assumes she has gotten back with Abhimanyu. When he learns however that Saru had actually left him, rejecting Abimanyu's request for a second chance, he tracks down her phone and finds her in a Buddhist monastery, where he professes his love to her. Saru passes out and Inder takes her to the hospital, where he discovers she has a brain tumor that is untreatable. He forcibly enters Saru's parents' house and demands that they stop pretending their daughter is dead by violently ripping the flower wreath from her picture. The next day he is arrested for charges pressed by her father. Saru gets discharged and goes to the library, where she discovers the secret messages Inder left for her in check-out slips, realizing that he has liked her from the beginning. The two unite and Saru asks him to marry her.
That night, Saru tells him that after her death, she desires to be buried under a tree. She also recognizes that her father's curse has come true and that he wanted her dead and she is actually dying. Inder says that God does not accept curses, however Saru says that God accepts the prayers of parents. On their wedding day, Saru's parents arrive, having realized their mistake, and Saru's father, knowing that Inder really loves his daughter, accepts the marriage. Saru faints after the wedding; the hospital informs her family that she will die. Inder asks his father, with whom he has a strained relationship, to acquire for him the land under the tree for Saru's burial. Saru dies in his arms; Inder finds his father in the hospital, reconciling with him.
Now a successful lawyer, Inder stands at the tree that marks Saru's grave. He asserts that she must be happy to see him successful and sober. He says that he misses her and expresses a promise of eternal true love.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with flashbacks of Ghayal, Angry Young Man Ajay Mehra shoots and kills Balwant Rai (who had murdered Ajay's brother) and surrenders himself to upright cop Joe D'Souza. Ajay is sentenced to prison. Upon his release he begins a new career as a reporter for an independent newspaper, but also works as a vigilante who assists the police with their hard-to-prosecute cases (including cases where the accused are prominent and influential members of society).
One such case involves small town reporter Renu who was drugged and raped by her boss, the media baron Rajguru. Renu committed suicide and Rajguru's men covered up the matter, implicating her innocent boyfriend. Ajay swings into action and abducts Rajguru, soon forcibly obtaining a DNA swab. Rajguru is then arrested and Ajay is declared a sensational hero. However, Ajay still suffers anxiety attacks from his painful memories of his past. His girlfriend Riya, a psychiatrist, helps him with his problems.
Joe D'Souza has retired and is now a social activist. Ajay often collaborates with him and helps him out. Later on, however, D'Souza is killed in a traffic accident in Panvel. Young blogger Zoya Saigal is shocked to discover that Joe was, in fact, shot dead. She had accidentally captured the murder on video, committed by Kabir Raj Bansal, son of business tycoon Raj Bansal. Zoya and her friends panic and want to take the video to the cops but Anushka's (Zoya's friend) grandfather infers that Raj Bansal had staged the road accident (where 8 other innocent people were killed) and stops them, due to Bansal's power. It is further revealed that D'Souza had visited Raj Bansal and directly accused him of a land grab. Bansal tried to buy him off, but an argument ensues, and Kabir, in a fit of rage, shot D'Souza. The accident was a cover up. Bansal privately realizes that Kabir is still a bratty kid and decides to enrol him into a military school.
Following her grandfather's advice, Anushka turns the video over to the lawyer, Kriplani, in order to ensure the children remain safe. However, Kriplani quietly returns it to Bansal, and his son Rohan, also a friend of Zoya, realizes that his father has given up the video and thus urges Zoya to reach Ajay Mehra. As the children hurry to reach Ajay, they are intercepted by Bansal's thugs. A chase ensues and Ajay saves the children, recovering the video. Riya takes the children to the hospital, but they are yet again abducted by Bansal's men.
It is soon revealed that Anushka is Ajay's own daughter. Kabir tortures the children until Bansal, tired of his son's tantrums, warns him away. Bansal holds Ajay's daughter and releases the other children. He tells Ajay that his daughter will henceforth stay with Bansal in order to ensure the safety of Kabir. Bansal's mother objects but Bansal, locked in moral conflict, waves her away. Bansal orders the Home Minister to arrest Ajay Mehra.
Ajay overcomes the cops and mounts an attack on the Bansal mansion to rescue his daughter. There is a fierce fight. Ajay rescues his own daughter as well as Bansal's daughter who gets trapped in the debris. Bansal surrenders and is arrested along with his son. The film ends as Ajay and his daughter recover in the hospital surrounded by their friends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Noor (Mohammad Abrar), a thirteen-year-old Kashmiri boy from a poor family, meets and becomes deeply infatuated with Firdaus (Tunisha Sharma), the daughter of a rich elite family in Kashmir that employs him. Firdaus' mother, Begum Hazrat Jaan(Tabu), was left heartbroken in her youth and disapproves of Noor's feelings thanks to his low social status. Despite this, Noor and Firdaus grow closer until Hazrat sends Firdaus abroad for school, insulting Noor as she breaks the news.
Years later, Noor (Aditya Roy Kapur) receives a prestigious art scholarship and moves to Delhi, where he encounters Firdaus (Katrina Kaif) again. By this time she is engaged to Bilal (Rahul Bhat), a Pakistani diplomat, but Noor's feelings have not changed and they begin a relationship. After initial friction with Noor, who by this time is a successful artist, Hazrat slowly starts to realise her mistake, but is still adamant that Firdaus should marry Bilal. Hazrat orders Firadus to marry Bilal against her will. A flashback of Hazrat and her lover who left her pregnant and ran away with all her jewels showed why she insisted on Firdaus marrying Bilal and let go of her love. Noor travels for an art show in London where he finds out that the art scholarship was given by Moazam (Ajay Devgn), a terrorist he saved when he was young, and not by Hazrat as he thought. Upset that he has been merely a pawn in Moazam's scheme and realizing that Hazrat has been playing him all along, Noor confronts her in London where she denies manipulating him and bursts into a fit of rage for her former lover Mufti and Noor realizes that she has been seeking redemption by breaking his heart. Noor goes back to the gallery and burns his art work which was related to the memory of Firdaus. Another flashback of Hazrat showed that she loses her baby and Firdaus is her adopted daughter. Hazrat wakes up distraught and commits suicide. At her funeral, Firdaus opens her pendant to find Mufti's picture in it with Hazrat's and realizes that she could never get over her true love for Mufti. With this realization, Firdaus leaves Bilal and reunites with Noor.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Six year old Akash lives with his parents and grandfather (Rishi Kapoor), who is a photographer. Akash's grandfather predicts that Akash will fall in love with a girl who lives 500 steps away from their studio, and that they will be in love forever but won't be able to be together. Akash takes the 500 steps and finds a tall girl older than him, disappointing him. In the present,Akash works for a private firm and leads a monotonous life. When he learns that his grandfather's health has worsened, he decides to leave the city. He tries to find Shruti but fails. When he finds that his boss (Manoj Joshi) dismissed him, he rushes back and is asked to secure a big contract for his company if he wants to save his job. He travels to Canada to meet Mrs. Pablo, their company investor's wife who is now broken-up with her husband. He attends a yoga camp, where he becomes friends with Mrs. Pablo and learns that her real name is Akansha (Urvashi Rautela). Akash also meets Shruti there, who behaves like a tomboy. Akash pretends to be in love with Akansha to secure the contract, but he and Shruti fall in love with each other again. It is also revealed that Akansha is none other than the tall girl that Akash met in his childhood. Akash is again left heartbroken when Shruti leaves at the end of the camp, saying that they can't be together.
Akash realizes Shruti still loves him and embarks on a journey to find the truth behind her rejection with the help of Akansha. He learns that she left him because she is suffering from a rare heart disease; she will die if her heart isn't transplanted soon.
A few months later, Shruti moves out of the hospital, healthy and cured. In order to be with Akash, she moves to the city to find him and is left shocked and heartbroken when she learns that she survived because Akash donated his heart to her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gaurav Mehra (Girish Kumar), an obedient guy who stays in London and is getting ready for his wedding to Vandana who is dominating and finicky by nature. His friends arrive for the marriage and host a bachelor’s party, which goes awry when a sloshed Gaurav wakes up with a girl Pooja (Navneet Kaur Dhillon). Gaurav being an obedient and well-behaved boy asks Pooja to leave but unable to find her clothes, she ends up wearing a shirt that Gaurav offers which incidentally has been gifted to him by his to-be mother-in-law for his upcoming engagement. He realises the mistake only when Pooja is gone and then starts his search. Though fuzzy about the details of the previous night, he finally meets Pooja who tells him what exactly transpired the night they were together. Going down memory lane, which is clubbed with numerous lectures by Pooja on how to live life, Gaurav falls in love with the free-spirited girl. But Gaurav doesn’t acknowledge his feelings and ends up marrying Vandana. After a quick jump of four years, Gaurav is divorced and is relentlessly blaming his elder sister (Tisca Chopra) for everything that has gone wrong in his life. To help Gaurav, his friend suggests going to Mauritius for a vacation. For a break, he lies to his sisters saying that he is going to a business trip, whereas he went to Mauritius with his friends. As luck would have it, Gaurav once again meets Pooja. But now the scenario is reversed; Pooja is all set to get married to Vinayak SenGupta, to which she had accepted. They both spend more time together only till Pooja realises Gaurav loves her. She tells him about her engagement and urges him to forget her. Gaurav goes back home and has a fight with his sisters. He goes to meet Pooja at her home when he gets her wedding card in his house. There, he meets Vandana and spoils her makeup as a revenge. He then turns to Pooja and requests her to meet him. They meet after the function is over. Pooja asks him to buy her a whiskey and they both started drinking, only ended up spoiling Pooja's father's pots in the front lawn and sleeping with each other for the second time. Pooja requests Gaurav to leave and never meet her again. Gaurav leaves. At a dhaba, Gaurav notices that the baraat had come back which meant that Pooja broke the alliance. He went back to her and they came together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with 22-year-old Neerja Bhanot (Sonam Kapoor) arriving late for a house party. Later that evening, her mother Rama Bhanot (Shabana Azmi) expresses concern about Neerja's job as a flight attendant, suggesting that Neerja should return to her old modeling career. Neerja insists on keeping her job. She is driven to the airport by her friend Jaideep (Shekhar Ravjiani).
Neerja reflects on her brief, unhappy arranged marriage to Naresh (Kavi Shastri), a professional in Doha, Qatar, who abused her over her small dowry and inability to perform household work. She eventually returned home for a modeling contract. Naresh sent her parents a letter complaining about the dowry and their daughter's lack of domestic skills, demanding that Neerja either bring back money or not return at all. Neerja left Naresh and landed a job with Pan Am Airways.
As Neerja boards Pan Am 73, it is revealed that the Abu Nidal organization, a Libyan-sponsored terrorist group, plans to hijack the plane in Karachi. The plane takes off from Mumbai's Sahar International Airport and lands in Karachi, where the four Abu Nidal terrorists, disguised as security officers escorting a Libyan diplomat, hijack the plane. Neerja quickly alerts the cockpit, and the three American pilots escape through the overhead hatch, fleeing to the terminal under fire from the hijackers. The American pilots had just enough time to escape, as the hijackers did not realize that the cockpit of a Boeing 747 is located upstairs.
When an Indian American passenger reveals himself as an American, one of the terrorists murders him and throws his body off the aircraft in front of the Pakistani negotiators. The terrorists try to locate a radio engineer among the passengers by ordering Neerja to make an announcement over the intercom. When Emran Ali (Shashi Bhushan), a Pakistani radio engineer, begins to stand up, Neerja signals for him to sit down. The terrorists have the flight attendants collect all passports to identify the American passengers and hold them hostage; Neerja and her colleagues collect the passports, disposing of any American passports by throwing them down trash chutes or hiding them under seats. Dejected over not finding any American passports, the hijackers locate a British passenger and hold him hostage.
The Pakistani negotiators inadvertently reveal the name of radio engineer Ali, whom the hijackers bring to the cockpit to use the radio for negotiations. Meanwhile, the Pakistani authorities try to stall for time. When a younger terrorist assaults the passengers and molests the attendants, the terrorist leader chastises him; humiliated, the younger terrorist storms into the cockpit and shoots Ali, screaming wild threats over the radio. While negotiations with the Pakistani air controllers drag on, the negotiators slowly lose control of the situation, with the hijackers becoming more agitated by the minute.
Around 17 hours later, the plane loses auxiliary power, and the lights go out inside. Despite Neerja and the other attendants' attempts to explain, the terrorists assume the Pakistanis cut the power deliberately, and anticipate an imminent Pakistani raid on the plane. The panicking hijackers begin shooting down passengers indiscriminately; at great peril to her own life, Neerja opens the rear door and deploys the chute, directing passengers out of the plane. Choosing to let the passengers escape first, Neerja is fatally shot by the terrorists when she tries to shield young children from the gunfire. The film ends with a tribute to Neerja, who was eventually honoured posthumously with the Ashoka Chakra, India's highest military decoration awarded for peacetime valor, courageous action or self-sacrifice.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in the city of Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, it is the true story of Shrinivas Ramchandra Siras, a professor of Marathi and the head of the Classical Modern Indian Languages Faculty at the famed Aligarh Muslim University, who was suspended on grounds of morality. He was also sacked from his position of Reader and Chair of Modern Indian Languages The film starts with the inciting moment when the professor’s privacy is invaded by a film crew from a local TV station who forcibly enter his house and film him sharing intimate moments with a rickshaw-puller.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about three unrelated individuals – Rohit (Salim Diwan), a guy working at a call-center in Delhi, Vishnu (Ashish Vidyarthi), a retired middle-aged government servant from Bhilai and Imli (Raima Sen), a prostitute from Sonagachi, Kolkata. All three of them aspire to become Bollywood actors and the story captures their journey and struggles.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Babloo Pandey (Manav Kaul), the MLA of Bankipur district and his brother Dabloo Pandey (Ninad Kamat) run a jungle raaj in their town of Lakhisarai. They are grabbing land for a power plant whose financiers are backing their party politically. The home minister, Ramakant Chowdhary (Kiran Karmarkar) appoints Abha Mathur, IPS (Priyanka Chopra) as the SP expecting her to be soft towards the criminals and supportive to him, being her mentor as well as the home minister. But she goes all out against the criminal brothers. Her subordinates get encouraged by her brave acts against corruption and slowly bringing the jungle raaj to an end. Bhola Nath Singh aka B.N. Singh (Prakash Jha) is a corrupt circle Officer (DSP) who has helped the brothers for a long time by using legal loopholes and other corrupt ways to keep them out of harm's way in return for financial favours and political support.
As the brothers feel cornered, Dabloo, out of desperation makes the mistake of kidnapping an orphaned teenage girl Sunita (Vega Tamotia), who and her younger brother Nagesh (Ayush Mahesh Khedekar) refuse to give away the land. After the kidnapping, Dabloo rapes and kills the girl and hangs her from a tree showing this as a suicide just as her father had committed suicide too under pressure of selling the land. Singh comes to his senses after seeing this brutal crime and tries to arrest Dabloo Pandey, which starts a riot in the town inducing Nagesh, the younger brother of the murdered girl to use his belt throttle Dabloo's neck and killing him, seeing which the villagers gather around some more goons and the corrupt Sarpanch and kill them and hang them on the tree claiming it to be suicides. This also starts a chain reaction where corrupt people are killed in similar manner elsewhere. Abha is frustrated and is unable to control these illegal killings. She tries her best to control the law and order. Singh is attacked by Babloo and his goons and gets injured. Babloo frantically searches for Nagesh, who has killed Dabloo and is now hidden away by Singh from Babloo. Babloo's goons locate Nagesh and take him in a gunny bag to Babloo, who wants to eliminate him by hanging. But in a final showdown, Babloo Pandey gets arrested and the reign of corruption, terror, and anarchy comes to an end.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tara Wadia (Farah Karimaee), a singer and girlfriend of a gangster Raghu (Reshammiya) lives with her mother (Shernaz Patel).
One day Raghu confessed before Tara that he had spent a night with a prostitute unintentionally. Disappointedly Tara broke up with him and decided to leave him.
She goes to Dublin where she gets detained after being caught with drugs. Tara calls Raghu for help. Now Raghu must help her and find Anirudh Brahman, the stranger who met Tara on Facebook and invited her to Ireland.
Raghu hired a lawyer to rescue Tara; at least tried to get bail but was refused by the judiciary. Then he makes plans to get Tara out of jail. He came to know about the Robin"Bird" Dhramraj Santino, who has vast experience of fleeing from jails.
Raghu consults with him. Robin says that he would charge him 20 mins each to help him and Raghu agrees. Robin briefed him all plan and the procedures that he must get his girl out of the jail just within 20 minutes before entire city would lock down by automatic system.
How Raghu performs the plan is the rest of the story. After a successful escape, he then found the core culprit behind all this crime and he was shocked that it was turned out to be Haider the close friend of Tara as he wanted to trap Raghu as revenge. Raghu kills him and reunites with his love of his life Tara.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Estranged brothers Arjun (Sidharth Malhotra) and Rahul Kapoor (Fawad Khan) are compelled to return to their childhood home in Coonoor when their 90-year-old grandfather Amarjeet (Rishi Kapoor) suffers a heart attack. Rahul is a successful writer who appears to be the most mature in the family. Meanwhile, Arjun struggles to get his books published, resorting to working part-time as a bartender to make ends meet, while writing in his spare time. Their parents, Harsh (Rajat Kapoor) and Sunita Kapoor (Ratna Pathak Shah) favor Rahul more for being successful, which upsets Arjun. While the brothers struggle to get along, their parents also grapple with their troubled marriage. Harsh is discouraging of Sunita's wish to open a catering business and Harsh's past extra-marital affair is a sore spot in their relationship. Amarjeet reveals that his last wish is to take a family photo titled "Kapoor & Sons, since 1921".
At a party, Arjun meets Tia Malik (Alia Bhatt), and the two hit it off. Rahul and Tia also meet, and the two go out for dinner. However, Rahul is shocked when she spontaneously kisses him. Tia reveals to Arjun that she lost her parents at the age of thirteen and lives alone. Arjun too reveals that Rahul's bestseller novel's idea was similar to his but he never confronted his brother so as to not break the family apart. Tia tells her friend that she loves Arjun but regrets unnecessarily involving herself with Rahul.
The Kapoor family throws a party to celebrate Amarjeet's birthday. Arjun discovers that Tia and Rahul know each other and fears that Rahul and Tia have something between them, but Rahul clarifies that he is already in a committed relationship in London. Problems arise when the family finds out that Harsh invited Anu, the woman he had an affair with. A family argument ensues, ending the party. Harsh and Sunita later reminisce on how happy they were. Harsh apologizes for losing all their money.
The Kapoor family tries to fulfill Amarjeet's wish to take a family photo but are unsuccessful when secrets are revealed. Rahul finds out that his father was lying about having ended the affair, while Sunita discovers that the relationship Rahul has in London is actually with another man. Tia tells Arjun what happened between her and Rahul, calling it a mistake. Arjun finds out Rahul has been reading his script, and confronts him about stealing his first story. A shaken Sunita then reveals to Arjun that she was the one who gave Rahul his story, thinking Arjun had no interest in writing. Amidst all this, Harsh dies in a car accident. Rahul comes out as gay to Arjun and the two leave for London and New Jersey respectively.
After four months, the duo receive a video message from Amarjeet, in which he requests them to come back, as he is feeling alone. Sunita comes to terms with Rahul's homosexuality, the misunderstanding between Arjun and Tia is cleared and they get back together. The family finally takes the family photo Amarjeet wanted, where they place a cutout of Harsh in his memory.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Based in a city in Goa, Kabir Ahlawat (John Abraham) lives a quiet life running a pawn shop. His next door neighbor is Anna (Nathalia Kaur), a drug addict and bar dancer. She lives with her little daughter, Naomi, who develops a nurturing relationship with Kabir. Meanwhile, ACP Dilip from the Anti-Narcotics Department of the police force is after the drug kingpin, Mantoo. Mantoo is supported by two powerful brothers, Kevin and Luke, who not only deal drugs but also control a mass racket in organ harvesting with a professional assassin, Attila.
One night, Anna and her accomplice steal drugs from Mantoo's henchman, Bigshow. Anna hides the drugs in a camera that she pawns to Kabir. The loss of the consignment enrages Mantoo and he gives Kevin three days to recover the stolen drugs. Luke and Attila reach Anna's place, where Luke tortures Anna for the camera. Atilla finds Bigshow already fighting with Kabir for it. Kabir is obliged to hand over the camera to Luke when he tells him that both Naomi and her mother are his captives. Kabir gets a call from Kevin to make a delivery to Mantoo, and promises that in return he will set Anna and Naomi free. Kabir goes to deliver the drugs to Mantoo, where he finds that police had already raided Mantoo's haven. Mantoo flees and Kabir chases him, but he is arrested by police. They are shocked to find Anna's naked body with all her organs harvested in Kabir's car. Kevin brutally murders Mantoo, taking all his organs, and becomes the new drug lord.
During interrogation, Kabir escapes from the police station. The police are bewildered by his combat skills and find out that he was a former decorated RAW Agent/Special Forces soldier who retired after his pregnant wife, Rukshida (Shruti Haasan) was murdered. Kabir fights with Attila at a nightclub and is shot, but breaks into a medicine shop and performs an impromptu surgery. He then continues on his journey.
Kabir finds and frees several child slaves in a drug-manufacturing plant, and in the process, kills the younger brother, Luke. He tracks down Kevin, who says that he has had Naomi killed. He shows a container that has what he says are her eyes. In a rage, Kabir kills all the gang members, including Atilla and Kevin.
As Kabir prepares to commit suicide out of grief, Naomi emerges. She had been saved by Attila before her eye surgery; he took pity on her because she had been kind to him. The eyes in the container belonged to the gangsters' surgeon, who had been killed by Attila when he saved Naomi. Kabir is arrested but the police allow Naomi to ride with him. Kabir asks if they can stop at a convenience store, where he buys Naomi a backpack and school supplies. He asks her if she can manage until he returns, to which she nods. He then asks her for a hug before he leaves.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kia (Kareena Kapoor) is a highly motivated and driven career woman. She aims to become successful in the business world, and also advocates for more Indian women to become career-minded, instead of just accepting the traditional fate of a housewife. Kabir (Arjun Kapoor) is the son of a successful building constructor (Rajit Kapoor), and has no real aspirations to hold a day job or be permanently employed. He wishes to be a 'house-husband', having been influenced by the happy life that his mother lived as a housewife. While on a flight to Delhi from Chandigarh, the pair meet and become friends. They begin to spend more time together and learn more about each others lifestyle. Kia discovers that Kabir's preference to stay at home fits perfectly with her wish to climb up the corporate ladder. Kia also learns that Kabir has no interest in his fathers business and does not want to inherit his wealth.
Kia and Kabir gradually fall in love and decide to marry, establishing a relationship where Kabir handles the household while Kia is the main breadwinner. The couple live happily together and Kia's career grows as she is offered a generous promotion. After some time, the apartment that they rent is put up for sale. Not wanting to move out, Kabir decides to buy the house, and in order to make payments, he becomes a gym instructor.
During an interview, Kia mentions her 'unusual' marriage and her husband's role in their household. The interviewer is impressed by this, and requests a meeting with Kabir. While being questioned, Kabir explains that it does not matter if ki (feminine) takes up the role of ka (masculine), and ka takes up the role of ki. The interview is a great success and Kabir is asked to hold many more seminars and speeches on Gender Equality and modern marriages. Kabir's busy schedule causes him to stay away from home for much of the day, causing Kia to become upset. She is frustrated at all the attention her husband is receiving and, in order to cover up her jealousy, she accuses Kabir of using their relationship to get recognition and publicity. The couple argue and Kia asks Kabir to stop his public appearances.
Kia travels to the US for her job, and Kabir decides to remain behind. At a college reunion, Kabir is pressured by a friend into giving another interview, which is broadcast on TV. Film actress Jaya Bachchan sees this interview, and asks her husband, superstar Amitabh Bachchan to call Kabir and organise a meeting with him. Jaya is highly impressed with the story of both Kabir and Kia. Meanwhile, Kia's mother (Swaroop Sampat) is taken to the hospital after collapsing, causing Kia to rush and back to India.
After learning that Kabir gave another interview, Kia becomes angry and the couple argue. Kia accuses Kabir of using her, saying that he used their relationship for his own profit. Kia further condemns Kabir for gaining fame without working, as she feels that her hard work and successful career are going unnoticed. Dejected, Kabir does not defend himself and starts packing to leave for Chandigarh. Kia comes across a gift that Jaya gave to Kabir for his wife, and also a letter written by the actress, in which she congratulates the pair and says that to be a man who maintains a household rather than work is a brave choice, but to be the wife of such a man is an even harder choice. Kia's mother confronts her about her jealousy, and says that it is the reason for the couples many fights. Kia realizes that she has been unfairly tough on Kabir and apologizes to him for her behavior and temperament. The couple reconcile and find a happy compromise. Kabir's father, who has come to appreciate Kia's business acumen and drive, decides to make her the CEO of his company.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ramona Raichand (Patralekha) is an edgy and adventurous woman. Thrill is all she wants in life, and Sam (Gaurav Arora) is her boy toy. Sam is perpetually depressed and resorts to self-harm for temporary relief. The closet couple decides to take their escapades a notch higher by playing love games. As per the rules of the game, Ramona and Sam need to find the happiest couple in a page 3 party and then seduce one of them to bed. They meet a successful criminal lawyer Gaurav Asthana (Hiten Tejwani) and his surgeon wife Alisha (Tara Alisha Berry). The wife’s vulnerability against her abusive husband only helps Ramona and Sam’s plan. However Sam eventually falls for Alisha. Ramona isn’t willing to let go Sam, and their relationship becomes sour. Ramona’s obsession takes the center-stage and Sam becomes the victim.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The Blueberry Hunt unfolds in a lush green deserted estate bordering the forest on the high altitudes of Vagamon, Kerala. The film centers around a recluse locally known as "Colonel" -- played by Naseeruddin Shah, living with his large German Shepherd dog. The story focuses on the last five days when Colonel's plantation of a high potency variant of marijuana -- Blueberry Skunk—gets ready for harvest.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gaurav Chandana (Shah Rukh Khan) is a Delhi-based die-hard and obsessive fan of Bollywood superstar Aryan Khanna (also Shah Rukh Khan); Aryan is Gaurav's whole life. Gaurav's face bears an uncanny similarity to Aryan's, which helps him win the local talent show competition impersonating Aryan. He then embarks on a journey to meet Aryan in person.
When Sid Kapoor (Taher Shabbir Mithaiwala), a fellow actor, expresses harsh sentiments about Aryan to the press, Gaurav gets furious and invades Sid's cabin. He holds him hostage, beats him, and makes him apologise to Aryan while he records it. The video is uploaded to the internet, where Aryan sees it. He considers Gaurav's actions a crime and gets Gaurav arrested. In jail, Gaurav is mercilessly beaten, and Aryan comes to meet him. Gaurav is delighted, but Aryan angrily reprimands him and declares that Gaurav is not his fan. He reveals that he was the one who got Gaurav arrested, and tells him to forget they ever met. Shattered and disillusioned, Gaurav returns home and burns all of his Aryan memorabilia, vowing to get revenge against Aryan for turning his fan away.
One year later in London, Gaurav heads to Madame Tussauds wax museum, impersonating Aryan and purposely creating a havoc situation in which he triggers the police. The real Aryan is then arrested despite declaring that he is innocent. Aryan is bailed out and departs to Dubrovnik for a show. He gets a call from Gaurav, who warns him to apologise or he will destroy Aryan's stardom. Gaurav disguises himself as a crew-member to get into Aryan's show; though Aryan instructs his personnel to look out for him, they fail to catch him.
Aryan is next scheduled to perform at a billionaire’s wedding. Gaurav poses as Aryan and molests the billionaire's daughter. The billionaire berates the real Aryan and makes him leave the event. Outside, Aryan spots Gaurav and gives chase, though Gaurav escapes. The molestation incident gets all over the news, resulting in a tarnished reputation and fans boycotting Aryan's shows. In a press conference, Aryan explains that someone else is impersonating him and asks for time so he can prove his innocence.
Back in India, Gaurav invades Aryan’s home and vandalises his trophy collection. Aryan visits Gaurav's parents and meets Neha, Gaurav's crush. He then devises a plan to impersonate Gaurav and declare his love to Neha at the local talent show. This provokes Gaurav, who shoots at Aryan with a gun. Aryan chases him and subdues Gaurav after a bloody fight. He asks Gaurav to stop this and live his own life. Gaurav says that his life is nothing without Aryan and flings himself off the roof, dying with a smile. A horrified Aryan watches him fall.
Aryan’s name is cleared from all the controversies, but the ordeal still haunts him. On his next birthday, when he goes out to the roof to greet his fans, Aryan sees a hallucination of Gaurav smiling up at him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Apeksha "Apu" Shivlal Sahay (Ria Shukla) is an unmotivated student who has managed to reach her SSC year in school despite her lack of interest in studying further. She struggles in mathematics alongside her friends, Sweety (Neha Prajapati) and Pintu (Prashant Tiwari). Her single mother Chanda (Swara Bhaskar), a high school drop-out, works four different menial jobs, which include working as a maid for Dr. Diwan (Ratna Pathak).
Troubled by her daughter's indifferent attitude, Chanda narrates her dilemma to Dr. Diwan, who suggests that she hire a math tutor for Apu. Chanda is told that Apu must pass her pre-board math exams to receive a considerable discount for the tuition. Hearing this, Apu replies that she is destined to work as a maid, as Chanda cannot provide financially for any higher education. With the encouragement of Dr. Diwan, Chanda enrolls in Apu's school so that she can learn math and tutor Apu herself. This embarrasses Apu, and she continuously ridicules her mother. No one, except for the school's principal Mr. Srivastava (Pankaj Tripathi), is aware of Chanda's relationship to Apu; she manages to befriend Apu's classmates, including Sweety and Pintu, and impresses her teachers with her steady progress. Chanda enlists the help of her shy classmate Amar (Vishal Nath) to understand math and makes use of mind maps on his advice.
Apu is angered by her mother's success in math, as she herself continues to fail to understand it. Chanda challenges Apu to achieve grades higher than hers in math; if she is successful, Chanda promises to drop out of school. With Amar's help and constant studying, Apu manages to complete the challenge. Her mother is overjoyed, but is heartbroken when Apu informs her that she performed well in school with the sole purpose of ensuring her mother's absence at school. In her anger, Chanda breaks her promise and returns to school, performing even better than before, much to Apu's chagrin. After allotting more time to school, Chanda loses one of her four jobs and begins to work at a restaurant because Amar recommends the job.
One night, she is dropped off at home by one of her male colleagues; Apu witnesses this and assumes that Chanda receives financial help from the man in exchange for companionship. She steals the money that Chanda has been collecting to pay for her tuition and spends it all on food and new clothes. This devastates Chanda, who becomes depressed when Apu tells her that the money was not hard-earned. Chanda stops attending school and continues to work with the hope that Apu will join the Indian Administrative Service, after she is inspired by a kind District Commissioner (Sanjay Suri). In the meantime, Amar helps Apu realize her mistake by making her witness Chanda working at the restaurant. Apu rekindles her interest in school and begins to treat her mother with respect, having realized that she can perform well if she possesses the will. She brings her mother back to school and the duo finish their SSC year together.
With a scenic view of the Taj Mahal, Chanda motivates Apu to always follow her dreams, as they are dependent on efforts and not circumstances. A few years later, Apu attends her Union Public Service Commission interview, having passed her examinations successfully. After being asked what inspired her to apply for IAS, she answers that she is inspired by her mother, who now tutors struggling math students for free.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajesh (Akshay Oberoi) is a youngster who is in love with a fellow student Poonam. Rajesh meets Shankar(Randeep Hooda) who runs an illegal blood bank. Shankar also has had a heartbreak through a Punjabi girl (Meenakshi Dixit) whom he still misses. Though initially, Rajesh is not aware of Shankar's illegal trades, he likes it the instant he comes to know about it and gets involved in earning quick money to impress Poonam. Slowly as the business kicks off, Rajesh starts showing off his money to Poonam. The cops who have got the hint of this business are also closing in on the illegal activity led by the Superintendent of police (Rajniesh Duggall). In the end, Shankar declares his crime to the police and gets arrested, saving Rajesh and Poonam's relation.Five years later, Shankar is finally released from the prison and he reunites with Rajesh and Poonam. The couple had a son who was named Shankar.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts with martial arts champion Raghav (Sudheer Babu) kidnapping Sia (Shraddha Kapoor) from her film's set and taking her to Bangkok. Sia's father P.P. Khurana (Sunil Grover) goes to government offices and the police for help but no one is ready to assist them since Raghav is an influential man. Khurana then turns to Sia's ex-boyfriend, Ronny (Tiger Shroff).
In a flashback, Ronny and Sia meet on a train. Raghav sees Sia at the train station and starts to like her. He tells his men to get information about her. Ronny visits the school of Guruswamy in Kerala. In a letter to Guruswamy, Ronny's father explains that Ronny is a Baaghi (rebel), and asks him to make Ronny a good human being. Ronny and Sia fall in love, and Sia gives him a ring she got from her father, asking him to always keep it. Raghav asks for Sia's hand from Khurana and Khurana is overcome by greed when he sees how much money Raghav offers for Sia. He agrees to hand Sia over to Raghav but when he sees that Ronny has Sia's ring, he realizes she is in love with Ronny. He informs Raghav, who decides to kill Ronny.
Ronny beats up Raghav's men when they manhandle Subbu, a mute little boy Ronny is close to, only for Raghav to get him arrested later on. Guruswamy tries to persuade Raghav, his son, to stop pursuing Sia, but Raghav poisons and kills him to get him out of the way. Ronny is heartbroken to hear of Guruswamy's death, since he had seen him as a father figure. Khurana then creates a misunderstanding between Sia and Ronny to separate them, which works, and the two part ways.
In the present, Ronny reaches Bangkok and visits Raghav's fight club, beating the strongest fighter there to get Raghav's attention. The next day, Ronny breaks into the house of Raghav's right-hand man, Viju, and threatens Viju's wife at gunpoint, forcing him to reveal Sia's location. Finding out she was at the hospital, Ronny saves Sia and escapes with her under both of them being disguised as a doctor and nurse. The two stop at an island on their way back to India, where Sia discovers her father's deceit when she sees that Ronny is still wearing her ring. The couple reconciles but Raghav and his men attack them. Viju shoots Ronny, who falls off a cliff.
Raghav takes Sia back to his place. It is then revealed that Ronny is alive. It turns out that Viju had used blank bullets in his gun, sparing him as Ronny had spared his wife's life earlier. Raghav kills Viju when Viju says that he believes Ronny to be right.
Ronny storms Raghav's building and single-handedly fights off all of the killers and swordsmen in Raghav's employ. He reaches Raghav, who initially overpowers him, but when Raghav reveals that he was the one who murdered Guruswamy, Ronny becomes enraged and uses Guruswamy's signature moves to kill Raghav. At the end, Ronny, now happily together with Sia, becomes the new teacher in Guruswamy's school, where a statue of Guruswamy now stands.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts off with a flashback that's being narrated by Urvil (Tanuj Virwani). It is the flashback and a series of events from his past that has defined his today. The flashback starts off with a fashion show organised by his event management agency in Phuket, Thailand. And after completing the event successfully, Urvil and his colleagues go drinking to celebrate. It is here that his friends challenge him to speak to a rank stranger (Sunny Leone) for a few thousand rupees. An attempt to win the bet gets him introduced to the stranger who, in turn, introduces herself as Celina. What follows after that, is unlimited liquor drinking by the two of them, which ultimately lands them up in bed together. But, the very next day, when Urvil gets up, he finds out that Celina has already left the room, without leaving any details of her whereabouts. And when Urvil comes back to his home in Pune, he is welcomed by his beautiful and dutiful wife Simran (Nyra Banerjee). Things are absolutely smooth between the couple, until one day Urvil accidentally spots Celina in the same mall wherein he has gone for shopping with his wife Simran. That very sight of Celina freshens up his 'one night stand' with her, which, in turn, gets translated into his desperation to meet her again. Thereafter begins his unending quest to hunt down Celina from the length and the breadth of the world. Amidst all this, Urvil gets extremely busy with his company's big-budget event of a product launch.
It is here where he gets introduced to his rich client Adhiraj kapoor (Khalid Siddiqui)and his family, which takes the daylights out of Urvil. The mysterious lady Celina is none other than Ambar, wife of Adhiraj, who along with their young son Jahaan (Rehan Pathan) and Adhiraj's father Raghav (Kanwaljeet Singh) stay in their posh villa in Koregaon Park, Pune. Urvil loses interest in his job and wife and stalks Celina/ Ambar. His colleague David (Ninad Kamat) advises him to forget Celina in order to save his marriage but he ignores his advice. Urvil tails Ambar continuously. Being fed up, she asks him to leave her alone and forget whatever happened between them as 'one night stand' but he refuses to do so and Ambar haunts him so much that he reaches their home and embarrasses Ambar. He misbehaves with Simran, uttering Celina's name. She picks up a fight with him and on the pretext of dropping him to his office, she races their car in the busy street asking Urvil to confess as to who is Celina and about their affair. He is terrified due to the rashly driven speeding car and admits to Simran about the illegitimate affair with Celina. She drops him on the road-side and tells him that it's all over between them. He returns home and begs her to pardon him for his folly but Simran is firm in refusing. Ultimately, Ambar calls Urvil to a spot on the highway to inform him that he should forget whatever happened between them and leave her alone. Urvil blames her for his marriage turmoil but she retorts that he was himself responsible. When Urvil threatens her that he would reveal the secret to Adhiraj, she informs him that she would do so herself irrespective of the consequence. She leaves him alone brooding about his future. The film ends with Urvil quitting his job and moving ahead in life in search of a new beginning.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story of Traffic, takes place over the course of a single day and is inspired by a real-life incident from Chennai, as shown in the credits. In Pune, superstar Dev Kapoor's daughter is sick and needs an urgent heart transplant. Elsewhere in Mumbai, trainee journalist Rehan meets with an accident and is declared clinically dead. Rehan's parents decide to donate his heart to Dev's daughter. However, rains and low visibility conditions make it impossible to transport the heart by air and the only option is to traverse the 150 km by road. Though initially apprehensive, Joint Traffic Commissioner Raghubir Singh accepts the challenge and seeks a volunteer from among his men to drive at 120 kph, through the busy Mumbai streets. Disgraced traffic constable Godbole (who has just rejoined the force after being suspended for taking a bribe to help his sister) puts up his hand and thus begins the journey. He is joined by Rehan's friend Rajeev and Dr Abel, a surgeon, who is battling his own personal demons.
The movie is a remake of Rajesh Pillai's Malayalam thriller of the same name. Traffic has been released after a long delay. Unfortunately, director Rajesh Pillai died before he could see the fruit of his efforts onscreen.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with the life of Shivangi, the princess of a royal house in Sikar, Rajasthan, now living in London with her husband Kunwar Veer Singh. They are a happy couple until one day when Veer develops a minor illness that soon flares up into a disease, shriveling his body and shrinking his head. Veer is hospitalized and his symptoms worsen - his body begins to contort unnaturally and he begins growling in strange languages. The doctors seem to diagnose it as tetanus, which is incurable. Shivangi is frightened; Veer is just not the same and Shivangi's handmaiden, Kesar Ma deems it black magic.
Kesar Ma thinks it is because Veer's father, the King, had two wives and the second wife wanted Veer, the heir, out of the way. The film moves to Rajasthan, where Shivangi and her family visit an exorcist for Veer's condition. This exorcist attempts to confront the witch by entering the other realm, through a mirror, but is soon thrown out, too powerless for the witch. The exorcist refers the King to the most powerful spiritual master in the land, Mewar Baba, also known as Jai Singh Gujjar.
Shivangi shudders on hearing about Jai. She was deeply in love with Jai some years ago. Her uncle saw them together and tried to blackmail the helpless and beautiful Shivangi into sleeping with him. Jai stepped in between and fought off the uncle who promptly reported the matter to the King. Jai was charged with attempted murder. Shivangi inexplicably stood as witness against Jai and Jai was ultimately sent to jail for five years. Shivangi contacts Jai for help to her save her husband. Jai flatly refuses but Shivangi pleads and persuades him to help, and Jai finally agrees to come to London.
Jai investigates the matter and discovers that Veer's troubles began upon receiving a strange amulet as a gift from an unknown admirer in Rajasthan. The amulet transmitted the witch demon into Veer. Jai prepares Shivangi into reciting a spiritual chant to bind the witch to their mansion so Jai can throw the locket into the Thames river, thereby freeing Veer. Shivangi maintains the chant over the witch's attempt to thwart it and Jai finishes the task. However, it is revealed that the amulet and the witch were actually dispatched by Jai, and as he prepares to leave London, Shivangi confronts him, asking him how he knew the source of the amulet. Jai admits his vengeance saying that he wanted Veer dead. Shivangi reveals why she had betrayed him many years ago: When their affair was revealed, the King had ordered Jai killed. Shivangi had begged for his life and it was granted for the price of her betrayal. Now guilty and dismayed, Jai resolves to stay in London and free Veer from the witch.
Jai prepares his final assault on the witch. Jai invokes his own spiritual master through a letter. The master chastises Jai for acting in haste and then regretfully says that the witch will not leave without taking a soul. The master directs Jai to an abandoned church where he receives a set of charmed Celtic daggers. Jai prepares a charm to attack the witch. He enters the witch's realm through a mirror and recovers the amulet. The witch attacks ferociously and is about to stop Shivangi when Jai smashes the mirror, closing the portal and trapping himself in the realm, so Shivangi can burn the amulet and free her husband. Shivangi sees Jai smile peacefully from a last shattered piece of the mirror before it breaks as Veer comes to life. Some weeks later, Veer and Shivangi find the letter of correspondence between Jai and his master. Jai had offered his soul so Veer could be freed. Veer is touched and places Jai's photograph upon his mantelpiece as the film ends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins with Indian cricketer Mohammad Azharuddin (Emraan Hashmi) scoring a century in his 99th test match, but he soon faces allegations of match-fixing as his name has been linked with a London based bookie M.K. Sharma aka Shaun (Rajesh Sharma). The India cricket board slaps a life-ban on him. Azhar decides to challenge the ban in court with the help of his lawyer friend Reddy (Kunaal Roy Kapoor).
The story shifts to 1963, when Azhar was born to a middle-class family in Hyderabad. His grandfather (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) dreamed of Azhar playing 100 tests for Team India and motivates a soft-spoken young Azhar to answer his rivals with his batting skills. Young Azhar goes for an Indian team selection match to Mumbai, where on the match day he receives the bad news of his grandfather's death. Nonetheless, he participates in the match, in accordance with his grandfather's last wish. Azhar impresses the selectors, sealing his place in Team India and he soon becomes a national hero by scoring 3 consecutive centuries in his first 3 Test innings. Azhar soon marries Naureen (Prachi Desai) and they both begin a happy married life. After a loss against Pakistan in 1991, the President of Cricket Broad calls Azhar for a one-to-one meeting. Azhar initially fears getting dropped from the team, but is surprised when he is offered the position of team Captain. Some senior players,like Manoj, Ravi and Navjot, resent Azhar's appointment as Captain, not wishing to take orders from a younger and less experienced player. But Kapil (Varun Badola) supports and encourages him to focus on his duty. While playing in an India–Pakistan match, Javed taunts Azhar, telling Azhar his Muslim heritage would be a better fit for the Pakistan team. Azhar leads his team to victory and soon becomes a successful Captain. At the peak of his career, Azhar's personal life takes a twist when he meets a former Miss India, Bollywood actress Sangeeta (Nargis Fakhri) during an ad film shoot and instantaneously falls in love with her. Sangeeta cautions him that he is already married and to stay away from her, but Azhar is infatuated by her beauty and does not listen to her advice. They both begin dating but keep their relationship hidden, until it is exposed by a gossip magazine. Azhar then publicly announces his affair with Sangeeta. Heartbroken, Naureen asks him for a divorce and soon Azhar leaves her to marry Sangeeta. During a cricket match against the West Indies, Azhar gets in a spat with Manoj for a slow run rate in order to complete his century, letting the team lose. Manoj is dropped from the next match and Azhar leads the team to victory. Manoj is humiliated and vows to take revenge. In later years of his career, Azhar famous for his expensive lifestyle, comes into the eyes of match-fixers. He is soon approached by a London-based bookie M.K Sharma, disguised as a diamond merchant, who later offers him 1 crore rupees to under play in a match against Sri Lanka, which Azhar hesitantly accepts.
In a parallel story, after the match-fixing scandal, Azhar is now facing nationwide criticism and a London-based prosecutor, Meera (Lara Dutta), is building up a strong case against him on the basis of sting operations done by Manoj on Ravi, Navjot and several other cricketers. She also uses the report of the inquiry commission set up by the Cricket Board and secretly meets the bookie M. K. Sharma to gather more evidence. Meera also approaches Naureen, asking her to serve as a witness, but she refuses. Meanwhile, Azhar and his lawyer Reddy are struggling to find any proof of innocence as none of his fellow cricketers are ready to help him out. Azhar attends a gym-opening ceremony to gain back his old fame in public, but is left insulted by the owner himself. After a long, eight-year legal fight, Reddy finally makes a breakthrough by proving in court that the inquiry commission report is biased, as they were paid by Cricket Board itself. Reddy even challenges the authenticity of sting operation tapes as none of the witness was under oath and hence can not be treated as truth. Later, Azhar also reveals that he took 1 crore rupees from the bookie to keep him away from other team members but later scored a match winning innings and returned all the money to the bookie.
On the final day of judgement, both Naureen and Sangeeta attend the court hearing, showing their support for Azhar. Kapil also states in a television interview that he believes Azhar is innocent. In its final verdict, the court declares Azhar innocent and is exonerated from all match-fixing allegations due to lack of evidence. Azhar once again proudly walks out of the court with his head high and name cleared from all scandals.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vikram Pandit (Arunoday Singh) is a happy-go-lucky management student from a business school in India. He becomes an overnight sensation after a successful social media campaign against the radical fundamentalism of moral policing in India. Little did Vikram know that he was about to become a part of a plot that would risk his life and the nation. He gets entangled between two facets of India – Socialism and Capitalism, both of which are deeply rooted in isolated corners of the country.
Somewhere deep within the jungles, flagrant conspirators were gearing up to maim the Country. They had established links with the patrician society. Vikram's internet campaign pulls him into a very deep web of conspiracy.
The film revolves around Vikram's survival in the sinister designs of establishment. It resolves the age long conflict between Capitalism and Socialism and defines the much-needed revolution for the contemporary India.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dalbir Kaur (Aishwarya Rai), two years after she suffers the stillbirth of her daughter, leaves her abusive husband Baldev (Ankur Bhatia) and arrives to stay with Sarbjit's family. She works in a textile mill to support the family alongside Sarbjit. Sarbjit Singh (Randeep Hooda) lives in Bhikhiwind, Punjab with his wife Sukhpreet (Richa Chadda), their two daughters Poonam (Ankita Shrivastav) and Swapandeep, and his father Darji. He works as a farmer and is a loving younger brother.
In 1990, after becoming drunk, Sarbjit accidentally crosses the border and arrives in Pakistan, where he is convicted as an Indian spy. He is alleged as Ranjit Singh, and accused of causing bomb blasts in Lahore. His claims of innocence are ignored and he is tortured for months before he is able to inform his family of his captivity through a letter. In an attempt to appease the Pakistani police, Sarbjit falsely confesses to terrorism and is promptly given a death sentence. Dalbir, determined to free her brother, enlists the help of lawyer Awais Sheikh (Darshan Kumar). Their plea for justice is supported across India and condemned in Pakistan; the media in both countries continues to cover the case, causing Sarbjit's sentence to be repeatedly delayed.
In 2012, after 22 years of imprisonment, Sarbjit's family is allowed to visit him in jail. They are heartbroken to witness him as a tortured prisoner but he rejoices in the short-lived reunion. Subsequently, his death sentence commutes to life in prison; having already served nearly twice the length of a standard Pakistani life sentence, it is assumed that he will be pardoned and released imminently. The Pakistani government soon clarifies that the release order they issued was not for Sarbjit, but for a prisoner named Surjeet, devastating Sarbjit's family. A year later, Afzal Guru, a Pakistani imprisoned in India, is executed for his role in the 2001 Indian Parliament attack. In retaliation, Sarbjit is attacked in his jail cell by Pakistani prisoners, and is admitted to a local hospital in critical condition, eventually succumbing to a comatose state. His sister, wife and grown daughters visit him but are forced to leave shortly before his death. Sarbjit's body is delivered to India, where his village and family mourn as they reminisce his life. As the film ends, Dalbir promises that she will always continue trying to fulfill his dying wish of being recognized as an innocent man.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mehak Deo (Radhika Apte) is a highly talented artist. An unfortunate traumatic event - being molested by a taxi driver, causes her to develop extreme agoraphobia, a condition in which the individual is paranoid about being in public places and dislikes socializing with large groups of unknown people. Mehak’s sister Anusha (Nivedita Bhattacharya), initially supportive, becomes exhausted with her eccentric behavior, especially when it starts impacting her own 5 year old son.
Shaan (Satyadeep Mishra), a close friend, takes Mehak to an empty apartment, on the assumption that living alone for a while might benefit her. At the new apartment, Mehak befriends Nikki (Yashaswini Dayama), a college-going girl who lives in the neighbourhood. Her other neighbour Manu (Ankur Vikal) is working on anger management issues and is part of a community laughter club.
Manu is devastated because his girlfriend, Jiah Khurana (Amrit Bagchi), has left him. Jiah had earlier lived in Mehak’s new apartment and suddenly disappeared without a trace; without paying rent and without claiming her advance deposit back. A diary belonging to Jiah catches Mehek’s imagination and it is only a matter of time before she is convinced that a malevolent spirit is sharing her space. Soon Mehak begins making strong accusations against Manu, realating to Jiah's sudden departure and a series of strange events that occur around the apartment.
It is revealed that the visions Mehak experienced were actually of her own future, rather than that of Jiah. This is due to the fact that Jiah returns to the apartment suddenly, disproving the theory that she was murdered by Mannu, something of which Mehak was convinced. Mehak realizes that she is capable of having glimpses of her future, as is indicated by one vision of her seeing 'smoke' coming out of a taxi - which is actually the pepper spray that she uses on the taxi driver. In the climactic scene, Mehaks vision once again coincides with reality, as a painting she created showing hands reaching out to her, mirrors the situation in which she is injured and goes out in the open for help, overcoming her condition.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Koose Muniswamy Veerappan during his teenage starts working as an assistant to his relative Sevi Gounder, a notorious poacher and sandalwood smuggler. His father and relatives, whose village lay in the forest area, were also known to be poachers and smugglers. Veerappan (Sandeep Bharadwaj), dominant in Sathyamangalam Forest in the states of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, defies the governments, and Indian Border security paramilitary forces, and maintain a small army. He is wanted for killing approximately 184 people, about half of whom were police officers, including senior police and forest officials. He was also wanted for poaching about 200 elephants and smuggling ivory worth US$2,600,000 and about 10,000 tonnes of sandalwood worth approximately US$22,000,000.
In 1991, Veerappan and his chief Intel Gandhi, behead IFS Officer P. Srinivas. Years later, Veerappan avenges the death of his close associate Gandhi by misleading Special Task Force (STF) personnel in their covert operation, through Gandhi's unnamed notorious informer. The covert mission led by T. Harikrishna S.P., and his informer S.I. Shakeel Ahmed to kill Veerappan fails miserably. Veerappan, and his army brutally assassinate all the STF officers in the operation, and snatch their arms.
The Tamil Nadu STF chief K. Vijay Kumar I.P.S. appoints his associate, an undercover I.P.S. spy in the Karnataka region, a master-strategist (Sachiin J Joshi), who puts in place the Operation Cocoon through a network of tribals, and informers, such as a Deputy spy, a woman STF spy and land lord (Lisa Ray), who befriends and rents out house to Muthulakshmi-the wife of Veerappan (Usha Jadhav). On the other hand, a team of loyal undercover cops led by Rambo Krishna, leave Palar base of STF, near M. M. Hills, 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Kollegal of Karnataka along with a team of 41 members which includes police from two states, forest officials, forest watchers and informers. The team travels in two vehicles, of which one is a bus carrying most of the team members, and a jeep carrying K. Goplakrishnan, the IPS officer. Veerappan's gang plants landmines on the road in more than 14 places to halt their approach, and during the Palar blast, K. Gopalakrishnan, standing on the foot board of the jeep is thrown out, and suffer severe injuries, leaving the police to retaliate and ultimately prevent the snatching of arms.
After few failed attempts, including the one led by another undercover cop, disguised as a subordinate to Islamic underworld don - Kadaani, to negotiate an arms deal with veerappan's gang, the STF team led by master-strategist, and an ex-spy turned timberyard owner-Kumar, finally succeed on 18 October 2004. On that day, Veerappan is escorted out of the forest by Kumar who earlier infiltrates Veerappan's gang in disguise to negotiate another arms deal with Velupillai Prabhakaran. Subsequently, Veerappan and his men board an ambulance stationed at Papparapatti village in Dharmapuri district. Veerappan and his men are first warned and then asked to surrender, which was denied, and the men start firing at the STF personnel. The STF retaliate by firing grenades and gun fire, subsequently Veerappan and his men are killed on the spot.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shiv Kumar (Naseeruddin Shah), an elderly psychology professor, arrives at a hospital in Kochi to visit his comatose wife Pankaja (Suhasini Maniratnam). Tara Kapoor Desphande (Kalki Koechlin), a young advertising agent, also arrives at the hospital during the night after being delivered news of a car accident involving her husband, Rajat Deshpande (Arjun Mathur). She is consoled by Rajat's eccentric co-worker Girish (Rajeev Ravindranathan), but dismisses him abruptly. Tara is deeply disturbed to see Rajat breathing on a ventilator, and leaves immediately.
In the waiting lounge, Tara approaches Shiv, believing him to be a doctor, and asks for his advice. He reveals that his wife had a stroke eight months ago while he was out watching a cricket match, and has been in a coma ever since. The two bond over their similar situations. Later, Girish drops Tara off at a hotel and gives her Rajat's bag. Tara finds his watch in it and puts it on. The next day she is angered on reading an intimate message on Rajat's phone from a colleague Sheetal, who is later revealed to be a man. Shiv witnesses the whole misunderstanding and the two share a light moment. He later visits her at the hotel, and she shares her disappointment with her friends and followers on social media for having abandoned her. She commends Shiv for his composure, as he explains the five stages of grief to her.
Tara finds her strength in Shiv, a wiser and more experienced counterpart. The two start spending most of their spare time together coping with their grief, despite being completely opposite in nature. Shiv takes Tara to the temple, and she takes him shopping. Rajat's doctor, Dr. Nirupam Malhotra (Rajat Kapoor), tells Tara that Rajat has a hematoma in his brain and a surgery might help him recover, but it carries the risk of partial paralysis. Tara is torn, as she believes Rajat would not want to take the risk, and seeks advice from Shiv. He is already at loggerheads with Dr. Malhotra, dismissing him as a pawn of the hospital board and the insurance companies who only care about making money and not the patients. Tara and Shiv get into a heated argument. Shiv lashes out angrily at Tara for not giving Rajat a chance at life. Tara retorts that she is a realist, and dismisses Shiv for being selfish and making his wife go through pain for his own sake.
Tara's best friend Ishita (Ratnabali Bhattacharjee) arrives at Kochi and advises her to start chanting prayers and to inform Rajat's estranged parents of his situation. Despite being an atheist, Tara chants Namu Myōhō Renge Kyō when she is alone with Rajat. Shiv desperately attempts to convince Dr. Malhotra to perform a spinal decompression on his wife, but he disregards Shiv's research and refuses to proceed with surgery. Tara discusses Rajat's surgery with Ishita and decides not to go ahead with it which further angers Dr. Malhotra. Ishita leaves to aid her ailing son. Tara realises that she is no longer Ishita's top priority, now that Ishita is married. Shiv and Tara make up and later that night dance together at Shiv's house, much to the amusement of his neighbours. They get upset thinking about their spouses and discuss what they meant to them, before falling asleep in the living room.
The next morning, Tara leaves early and decides to inform Rajat's mother. After Girish brings Tara the required insurance papers, she thanks him for always being there for her and apologises for being rude. She decides to go ahead with the surgery after all. Rajat is taken to surgery and she holds his hand until they arrive at the operating room. Shiv, on the other hand, decides to take Pankaja off the ventilator and let his wife herself make the final call. Pankaja tries to breathe on her own as the viewers are treated with flashbacks of the heydays of both couples. Tara takes a seat in the waiting lounge, and is joined by Shiv as the camera pans out.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts in London, 6 years ago. 3 robbers attempt to steal jewels from a building, but are captured by the police. In the present, Batook Patel (Boman Irani), a wealthy and successful businessman, is shown disapproving marriage of his three beautiful daughters, Ganga (Jacqueline Fernandez), Jamuna (Lisa Haydon), and Saraswati (Nargis Fakhri), as he believes that the previous ladies in his family were doomed because of marrying.
One night, at a friend's bachelorette party, the girls reveal to their friend that secretly, they each have a boyfriend. Jamuna's boyfriend is Teddy (Riteish Deshmukh), who wants to be a racer. Saraswati's boyfriend is Bunty (Abhishek Bachchan), who wants to be rapper. Ganga's boyfriend is Sandy (Akshay Kumar), who wants to be a professional soccer player. Sandy suffers from split personality disorder, his other form being Sundi. Sandy learns that Sundi comes out whenever he hears the word "Indian", and his Dissociative Identity Disorder comes from being depressed about not having enough money to make a living. This is why, Sandy, seeing how successful Batook is, decided to date Ganga, who is also his doctor. When the girls tell their dad that they each have a boyfriend, Batook goes to his friend, Aakhri Pasta (Chunkey Pandey), who owns an Italian restaurant. Batook convinces Pasta to dress up as the family's fortune teller, Aakhri Aasta. Aasta then claims that when Ganga's husband first steps foot into Batook's house, Jamuna's husband first sees Batook, or Saraswati's husband first speaks to Batook, Batook will have a heart attack. The girls, wanting to keep their boyfriends, have them fake disabilities. Sandy rides around in a motorized wheelchair. Teddy wears sunglasses and uses a cane, and claims he is blind. Bunty uses sign language, and claims that he is mute. Batook decides to test the boys, by putting ants in Sandy's pants, having Teddy jump in an empty pool, and injuring Bunty to see if he screams, to which they pass. When Batook is out of the house, the boys reveal themselves to each other and decide not to tell on each other and split the money. At Pasta's restaurant, Batook reveals to Pasta that his daughters are actually the daughters of Urja Nagre (Jackie Shroff), an underworld crime lord who requested him to take care of his daughters and made him swear not to tell them that he was their actual father as he was in jail. Batook also reveals that he betrayed Nagre and planned to marry the girls to his three sons, the robbers who tried to steal the jewels. Unbeknownst to him, Nagre is out of prison, and has arrived in London.
While the girls prepare a wax statue for Batook, the boys go into town, where some gangsters are teasing some girls. Suddenly, Nagre appears and attack the gangsters. After the gangsters run away, Nagre sees the boys, and ask why did not help. The boys claim that they were disabled. Bunty, who was in the wheelchair at the time, claims he was crippled. Sandy, holding Teddy's cane, claims he is blind, and that Teddy is mute. Later, Nagre goes to Batook's office, and asks him about his daughters's future husbands. Batook says that while the girls' future husbands are disabled, he knows three normal men who are suitable for the daughters. Batook takes Nagre to a Gurdwara to see his sons, Rishi (Samir Kochhar), Rohan (Nikitin Dheer), and Rajeev (Aarav Chowdhary), claiming they are orphans who do community service. Nagre decides that the three are suitable for his daughters.
At Batook's house, Nagre claims that Batook owes him 50 million British Pounds. Nagre gives Batook and the boys 10 days to make up the money, or Ganga, Jamuna, and Saraswati must marry Rishi, Rohan, and Rajeev. During these 10 days, Nagre and his "sons" will also live in Batook's house, meaning that while in front of both Batook and Nagre, Sandy, Teddy, and Bunty must act as blind-disabled, mute-blind, and disabled-mute. Sandy, Teddy, and Bunty come up with a plan to get rid of Nagre's sons. During a St. Patrick's Day party, the girls get Rishi, Rohan, and Rajeev drunk. The next day, they tell each other that they had sex with their respective girls, only to find out that they had sex with the maids. The maids request compensation, or they will sue them. Nagre surrenders to his daughters' pleas of love.
The next day, the girls take Sandy, Teddy, and Bunty to church, asking for forgiveness. Saraswati, who takes care of disabled children, tells them that two boys were mocking a child because of his disability. The girls feel guilty, because they felt that they were mocking people with disabilities by having the boys act as if they were blind, deaf, and mute. After this, the boys feel guilty, as they were only marrying the girls for money. They go to the warehouse area of Madame Tussauds to meet their girlfriends. They instead find Batook's sons, who explain that they found out the boys were normal. While Teddy and Bunty fight Batook's sons' gang members, Sandy has accidentally heard Teddy say "Indian", and Sundi, Sandy's alternate personality, tries to kill Sandy. Batook walks in announcing his arrival to his sons. The boys blackmail Batook having overheard him, seeking that Nagre's fortune of 50 million be divided into 7 parts: Rishi, Rohan, Rajeev, Batook, Sandy, Teddy, and Bunty's shares. Sundi says to divide it into 8 shares, as Sandy/Sundi counts as two people. Aakhri Pasta arrives, and demands his share.The three maids each demand two shares, one for them, and the other for their unborn children they are now carrying. Nagre then arrives, and explains that he found the recording on Bunty's laptop revealing the boys' lies. Nagre also overheard Batook, telling his sons about his plan. Nagre then attempts to kill everyone in the warehouse, while the lights turn on and off. As the girls arrive, Rishi, Rohan, and Rajeev see them, and hold them at knifepoint in front of Nagre. Sandy, Teddy, and Bunty then rush to save the girls, injuring themselves in the process. The girls forgive the boys, and reconcile with Nagre after learning about their parentage.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Suraj (Randeep Hooda) is an ex-boxer who does multiple jobs to earn as much money as possible, but lives a lonely life in Malaysia. During his new job as a parking attendant, he ends up meeting Jenny (Kajal Aggarwal) a blind yet a cheerful girl who is surviving in the city all alone. They soon become friends and a chemistry sparks between the two. Suraj's old coach Om (Mamik Singh) calls him back to the club but Suraj tells him that he has stopped fighting. He reveals that three years ago, during a boxing match his opponent's wife begged him to lose as she needed the prize money for her daughter's treatment. In order to help, Suraj loses the fight intentionally but later discovers that it was all a plot set by the opponent boxer. After trashing him in a night club, Suraj loses his boxing license and also stops trusting or caring for anyone. He later, started working as recovery agent but during one such recovery case, a man jumps out of his apartment window down on the road, leading to a car crash. Suraj has to serve 2 years of jail and since then taking care of the treatment of that man.
Back in the present time, Suraj now falls in love with Jenny and wants to express his love to her, but on reaching her house finds Jenny's boss harassing her. Suraj beats him up, at which Jenny gets mad as she feared losing her job. Suraj promises to take care of her and takes her home. He proposes to Jenny and asks about her parents. Suraj is then shocked to discover that Jenny's blindness and her parents death are due to the same car crash 3 years ago. Weighed down with guilt, Suraj decides to get Jenny operated but needed 3 lakhs of rupees within a month. Suraj, who has already returned to part-time boxing asks for help from his coach.
Suraj's old rival Sikandar offers him to join an illegal fight club, where the owner Gavin (Yuri Suri) pays him 3 lakhs to lose a fight. Om tries to stop Suraj as this kind of fights may lead to fighter's death or permanent handicap. During the fight Sikandar provokes him and Suraj beats him up. Angered Gavin gives Suraj a last chance to pay back by delivering a bag of drugs. While Jenny is being operated in hospital, Suraj delivers the package only to be run over by Sikandar's car, leading to severe spinal injury. After getting her eyes back Jenny is disappointed not to see Suraj and mistook that he abandoned her. 6 months later, Jenny is now working at the same hospital as physiotherapist, where Suraj is getting treated but unable to recognize him. Suraj too didn't reveal his identity to Jenny, because of his paralytic condition. On getting able to walk with clutches, Suraj decides to finally meet Jenny but seeing her with another man, he thinks that Jenny has now moved on. Hence, Suraj walks away with a heavy heart and visits the place were they both used to spend quality time. While searching for Suraj, Jenny reaches the same spot and they reunite.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Every morning Pari (Hetal Gada) and Chotu's (Krrish Chhabria) long walk to school begins with the toss of a coin outside their hut. The winner will decide if the story that will be told on the way to school that day will be one about a Shah Rukh Khan film or a Salman Khan film. The siblings are rivals in their love for the two stars. Pari is devoted to Shah Rukh and Chotu worships Salman Khan (down to wearing a replica of the star's trademark silver bracelet with a blue stone).
Ten-year-old Pari holds her precocious eight year old brother's hand throughout the journey to school and back. She's not just his friend and sister but, since Chotu is visually impaired, she's also his guide. With just months to go before Chotu turns nine, Pari feels the pressure to fulfill her promise to her brother - that he will have his eyesight back before his ninth birthday.
Hope floats when she spots a poster of Shah Rukh Khan (SRK) encouraging eye donations. She begins to write him letters, which of course go unanswered but when Pari hears that her idol is shooting a movie in Rajasthan she has her mission. Convinced that a meeting with SRK is all it would take to get Chotu his eyes back, the children set off alone on a 300 km journey traversing testing terrain.
-----------------------------------------------------------
John Biswas (Amitabh Bachchan) is a 70-year-old grandfather who visits the police station regularly. He is desperate to find the kidnapper and murderer of his granddaughter Angela, who died eight years ago. Police inspector Sarita Sarkar (Vidya Balan) has no clues about the case. But he continues to search for the person who caused it, despite being discouraged by people all around him, and collects evidence one by one at a slow pace.
John's wife Nancy (Padmavathi Rao) is sick and uses a wheelchair. Despite personal problems, John is determined not to give up. John also regularly meets Father Martin Das (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), who was a police inspector and was handling the Angela kidnapping case. Father Martin Das tries his best in solving the case, but the guilt of being unsuccessful compelled him to leave his job and become a priest.
One day, eight years after that tragic incident, there is another kidnapping, that of a boy named Rony. Everything about it echoes the kidnapping of Angela. Further investigation reveals that the modus operandi for kidnapping Rony is the same as that of Angela. Inspector Sarita requests Father Martin for assistance in cracking the case. Martin supports partially by providing clues and Sarita, with John, start investigating the case.
In the meantime, John doggedly pieces together the identity of Angela's kidnapper from little bits of information that he collects through his own investigations. After confirming the identity of the Angela's kidnapper, he creates a plan to kidnap Rony. John wanted to seek revenge and justice since Rony's grandfather Manohar (Sabyasachi Chakraborty) was the one who had kidnapped Angela. Since the modus operandi was the same, Angela's case file is re-opened. Manohar is then nabbed when, on the instructions of the unknown kidnapper of Rony (John), he tries to flee with the ransom at the railway station. He is arrested by Sarita who interrogates him in the lock-up but he refuses to confess that he had kidnapped his own grandson Rony.
Father Martin finds out that John kidnapped Rony and confronts him. John requests Martin to arrange a meeting with Manohar. During the meeting, John makes Manohar confess about the crime committed by him in front of the police. Manohar confesses and is found guilty of his past activities. Manohar confesses that he kidnapped Angela since he needed money for his daughter's open heart surgery.
It is revealed that Angela was not murdered — while being held captive, she escaped and accidentally fell from a height on to a moving car and died. The car was driven by Father Martin Das, who was injured in the accident.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tejinder "Tommy" Singh (Shahid Kapoor), also known as "Gabru" among his fans, is a young Punjabi musician who lives a luxurious lifestyle assisted by his successful music career. Together with ostentatious crew that is led by Tayaji (Satish Kaushik) and cousin Jassi (Suhail Nayyar), he indulges in uncontrolled consumption of cocaine. Tommy, is popular for his adrenaline-pumping songs that both were written with the help of and are about intoxication. Though, Tommy has no qualms about his songs glorifying violence and drug-addiction. However, his frequent bouts of drug-snorting cost him his contract and lands him in jail. In prison, he meets two of his die-hard fans who remark how Tommy's lifestyle had 'inspired' theirs. Realizing that his songs have adversely and negatively affected teenagers, Tommy decides to change his ways upon release. A few days later, Tommy engages in an altercation with Tayaji and accidentally shoots him, injuring his ear. This causes Tayaji to send Tommy and his crew to a farmhouse so that he can prepare for an upcoming concert.
Working on a farm is an unnamed Bihari migrant (Alia Bhatt), frequently called Bauria by a co-worker in the fields, whose dreams of playing national level hockey for the country were shattered so she came to Punjab to work as a labourer. Bauria works as a farmworker for a local landlord who uses agriculture as a front for drug peddling. One night, while roaming around in the farm, she finds a packet. Upon tearing open its contents and tasting it, she realizes that it is some kind of drug, and hence, resolves to sell it. Her search for a potential buyer lands her in great trouble as she is chased and captured by a gang of drug peddlers. They forcibly keep Bauria at their place where she is sexually and physically abused, given drugs and prostituted to several men including police officers from the local police force. Some weeks later, Bauria manages to escape from the house.
In this neighboring town also lives Preet Sahni (Kareena Kapoor), a doctor and activist who runs a rehabilitation center. Sartaj Singh (Diljit Dosanjh) is a class-two policeman attached to the town's station who knows about the smuggling of drugs his seniors are allowing on a large scale. But when it affects his family, his brother, Balli (Prabhjyot Singh), overdoses on Chaand (a locally-made drug) and is brought to Preet's clinic, he realizes the grave situation. She educates Sartaj about the drug problem and partly accuses him for his brother's state. Together, they decide to find the root cause of the problem.
Appearing before his audience in the concert, instead of singing, Tommy starts preaching. Infuriated by his speech about how one should lead his/her life, his fans try to admonish him, and start throwing bottles at him. Tommy gets angry and urinates in front of the crowd. Making a run out of the concert to save himself from the crowd's angst, Tommy goes and hides inside a dilapidated structure. There he meets Bauria and together they start sharing their stories. However, the next day, Bauria is recaptured by the same gang who had kept her imprisoned. Tommy sets out to find her after realising his true feelings for her.
Preet has been working in Punjab actively with drug abuse survivors and their families. She runs her own clinic in the area where she operates a residential rehab center. With help from a reformed Sartaj who discovers that his own brother is hooked to a locally-made drug, manages to find that the antagonist behind the drug problem in Punjab is an elderly man called Vikrant who has flourished with the support of MP Maninder Brar. Sartaj and Preeti go to extreme measures to collect evidence against the Parliamentarian and put together a report to be sent to the state's Election Commission to thwart Brar's campaign for another term in power. Sartaj develops feelings for her and asks her out which she reciprocates willingly. However, one night, after returning from work, she is apprehended and fatally stabbed by Balli, who was being treated against his wish at her rehab center. The policemen who come to investigate her murder also come across her report.
In the presence of the drug mafia, Sartaj is questioned by his senior about the report. At the same time, Tommy, who is on the run from the police and has been searching for Bauria, jumps and enters the enclosure, alerting everyone including Vikrant and the senior policeman. He fatally hits Vikrant with his hockey stick and tries to make a move upstairs. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Sartaj grabs his senior's service revolver and shoots everyone but Tommy. He then rushes inside the house to get his brother Balli, who is being held captive by Vikrant's wife. He shoots her and frees Balli, while Tommy goes upstairs and helps Bauria beat her captors. Finally, as Tommy and Bauria run off, Balli kneels down and cries in front of his brother whose face is expressionless. Later Tommy calls Bauria on his crew member's phone to ask her real name. Sitting by a beach, she catches sight of a foreigner having fun. Inspired, she utters "Mary Jane".
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raman Raghav was a well known serial killer, having terrorized the city with his brutal crimes in the 60s. In 2015, a similar psychopath, named Ramanna, begins to operate in Mumbai. The tabloids label him as 'Stoneman' since the first few murders he commits is with a stone. On one particular night, a cocaine addict comes looking for his supply, and comes across a crime scene. A few days later, Ramanna is apprehended by police and held for interrogation. The man who questions him is revealed to be the same cocaine addict, Officer Raghavan.
The police detain Ramanna for some time, harassing, tourturing and starving him, until he is finally able to escape with the help of a gang of young boys. Ramanna continues his killing spree and hunts for a new victim. He finds his next prey in his sister Lakshmi, a poor woman living with her husband and son. He enters her home under the pretext of needing a meal, but soon ends up in an argument with her husband. Enraged, he storms off, only to return later on and kill the whole family. The police arrive at the scene, and Raghavan finds an old picture of Ramanna and his sister, effectively confirming him as being involved in the crime.
Meanwhile, Raghavan is a deeply troubled person, suffering from anger issues and drug adiction. He is in a relationship with a woman named Smrutika (Simy), but he refuses to commit or be faithful to her. Their relationship is dark and abusive and Raghavan has pressured Simy into having more than one abortion. Raghavan becomes obsessed with the murders and catching Ramanna, to the point where he finds himself becoming consumed by cocaine. Ramanna has been looking for his soul mate, his other half, and realises that he has found him in Raghavan. The pair engage in a cat-and-mouse game in which Ramanna seems to have the upper hand as Raghavan spirals out of control.
Ramanna starts stalking Simy and ends up murdering her maid. Simy is overwhelmed by Raghavan's drug use, mood swings and callous attitude. After a cocaine fueled night, Raghavan brings another girl to Simy's house and has rough sex with her. Simy angrily confronts him, and Raghavan accidentally kills her in a fit of rage. Ramanna surrenders to Raghavan, and tells him that they are each others missing half, the two sides of the same coin. Raghavan realises this, and decides to go after the only witness to Simy's murder, the girl he had sex with.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Captain Jahan Bakshi (Pulkit Samrat) is a passionate army officer that loves army and thinks all things happen according to his will and he can control his destiny. Suhani (Yami Gautam), a Punjabi girl belonging to an army family is found swimming in an army restricted area. She is later rescued by captain Jahan without her will. She has to stay in army camp for a day because of the procedure. She asks Jahan to sign the apology letter. The investigating officer invites her to Christmas party. After the party, they meet Riverside. Jahan tears the letter so she asks him to ask sorry or she would leap. Jahan doesn't pay heed so Suhani leaps. He immediately saves her. The next morning Jahan visit Suhani at hospital and gives her apology letter. They both start developing feelings for each other. This further changes into love when Jahan meets Suhani at Amritsar and she plans a trip for Jahan and her after she lies to her parents. When she returns, her father scolds her harshly and takes her phone and doesn't allow her to go outside ( as he learns that Suhani loves an army man cause he fears that if Jahan dies Suhani would be broken).He lays a condition that either Jahan have to leave army or Suhani . Jahan refuses and leaves. Having no other option left she elopes but after reaching the camp she sees a girl hugging Jahan and misunderstands the whole scenario and goes back to her house. Later Jahan and his team finds people trapped under snow ; he saves them. The people then invite him to the wedding of their son Yash. During the ceremony he notices that bride is Suhani. Rangoli clears Jahan 's confusion and tells her to confess his love to Suhani. So he writes a letter to her which mistakely Yash reads. Yash, at front of everyone, says he can't be so cruel to ruin Suhani and Jahan loves. Suhani's father too accepts their love noticing the inner sorrow of Suhani. The story ends with Suhani and Jahan reuniting and kissing each other.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arjun (Shiv Pandit) comes to Mumbai to visit his fiancé Maya (Natasa Stankovic). He reaches the City court to meet her and is taken aback when he is not able to find her anywhere.
He begins to search for Maya and in an unexpected turn, witnesses an unlikely murder. Frantic and exasperated, he is left with no choice but take passersby as hostages before he is framed as the killer.
The cops try to tackle the situation and within no time realize that Arjun is no ordinary hostage-taker and it seems next to impossible to apprehend him.
Now, with nothing to lose, Arjun lays down his terms. He gives 7 hours to police to find out the killer. How ACP Nandini Shukla (Sandeepa Dhar) and Ramesh Dhadke (Varun Badola) will end this?
The clock ticks and the investigation begins...
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is based on the innocent friendship between a Hindu boy Raghu ( Anirudh Dave) and a Muslim girl Zainab (Suha Gezen) rapidly escalates into a political minefield, causing unrest and chaos in Uttar Pradesh.The film is set against the backdrop of the 2013 Muzaffarnagar riots. It attempts to show the "truth" about these riots.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sultan Ali Khan (Salman Khan) is a middle-aged ex-wrestling champion, who is living a mediocre and lonely life in a small town in Haryana. Aakash Oberoi (Amit Sadh), the founder of a private mixed martial arts league, is encouraged by his father to hire an indian wrestler to salvage the league's popularity. He travels to India to make an offer to Sultan, who bluntly refuses and says that he has completely retired from wrestling. In search of the reason behind his retirement, Aakash confronts Sultan's close friend Govind (Anant Sharma), who narrates how Sultan's career began.
Eight years ago, Sultan fell in love at the sight of Aarfa Hussain (Anushka Sharma), a state-level wrestler and the daughter of a local wrestling coach. Although she was initially cold towards him, Aarfa accepted Sultan as a friend. When he began to proclaim that she was his girlfriend, she rejected him by stating that she wishes to marry an accomplished wrestler like herself. Determined to win her respect, Sultan dedicated himself to intense training and ultimately won a state-level wrestling tournament, as well as Aarfa's love. The two were married and became recognized wrestlers, representing India in various international tournaments like the Commonwealth Games and the Asian Games. When the two were announced as finalists for the Olympic Games, Aarfa discovered that she was pregnant. She gave up her childhood dream of winning an Olympic gold medal for India, which was then fulfilled by Sultan. To her surprise, Sultan's accomplishment made him arrogant, and he acted conceitedly during a press conference. Even though Aarfa informed him that she was nearing her due date, Sultan left to win the world wrestling championship in Qatar.Upon returning, he was shocked to know that his newborn son had died due to severe anaemia . The baby had a rare O negative blood type, identical to Sultan's, whose absence deprived the child of a donor. Angered, Aarfa decided to leave Sultan and reside with her father. Depressed from losing his wife and child, Sultan begins raising funds to open a blood bank in India in his son's name.
In the present day, Aakash asks Sultan to join his league and promises that the tournament's prize money will fulfill his dream of opening a blood bank. Sultan agrees despite having become unfit and tired, and travels to Delhi, where Aakash introduces him to freestyle mixed martial arts coach Fateh Singh (Randeep Hooda)initially refused him,but after seeing his determination agrees.After two months of training with Fateh, who is a former international champion, Sultan manages to regain his physique and learns how to wrestle freestyle. Although he initially struggles in his first fight, Sultan defeats the opponent using his own iconic wrestling style. He soon becomes a nationwide sensation once again by winning a series of matches and gains Aarfa's support in the process. During the semi-final round, Sultan wins the fight but is severely injured and has to be hospitalized. The doctor informs Aakash that Sultan should not fight again lest his injuries become fatal. Aarfa arrives at the ward and reconciles with Sultan, motivating him to continue fighting. During the final match, Sultan overcomes his pain to defeat his opponent and ultimately wins the tournament. Reunited with his wife, Sultan opens a blood bank using the prize money and Aarfa resumes wrestling. A few years later, she gives birth to a baby girl (Premlata Khan), whom Sultan begins to train as a Monarch.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A group of young sex-starved men search for women who are willing to take their virginity in 1980's Bangalore.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film features three friends Amar, Meet and Prem who always want fun (Masti). The film begins with the title song where the three friends get married to Sapna, Rekha and Nisha. They are unhappy with their marriage life because of their Brother-in-law,Sister-in-law,and Mother-in-law. Amar's mother in law wants her late husband to be reborn and on the order of a fraud baba (fake spiritual leader) she has stopped her daughter from having any physical relations with Amar for over 6 months to achieve the rebirth of her late husband. Prem's sister in law is very attractive yet very silly, she comes to live with them and wants to sleep with her elder sister, forcing Prem to sleep on the couch away from his wife. Meet's wife is a twin and whenever he tries to go near his wife, it turns on his brother-in-law (who is a body builder). The connection between the two twins causes great problems like Meet's wife beating him up unintentionally when her brother is beating some goon up.
One day they meet in a bar and decide to enjoy their lives. They decide to go to Amar's village to sell off his family haveli (old mansion) and meanwhile have fun with the beautiful ladies in the village. When they reach the village, they find out that people are scared of the haveli. An old man tells them that there used to be a father daughter duo who lived in the haveli 50 years ago, the daughter, Ragini was very beautiful and many boys were smitten by her beauty but her father never let any guy near her, at the age of 20, Ragini died due to snake bite but her soul still resides in the haveli in search of a man who'll do masti with her. The guys laugh it off and proceed towards the haveli, there they meet a very attractive girl who's been living secretly in the haveli as she is alone and has no where to go. The boys hire her as their maid and each one starts trying to attract her. Soon it is revealed that she is indeed Ragini and she informs the boys that one of them must sleep with her in order to free her soul and whoever does so will die. The boys get scared and try escaping the mansion but to no avail. Prem commits to doing so in front of Ragini to buy them some time and meanwhile they hire Babu, a male prostitute to sleep with Ragini. But on the last moment their wives show up and Ragini turns Babu into a chicken. Ragini makes the boys do weird stuff in front of their wives and in laws who join them at the haveli so they would leave. When the boys see that their wives are secretly fasting for them even when Ragini depicted them off as such perverts in front of them, they decide to confront Ragini. The meet Ragini and tell her they won't sleep with her and she can't harm them as their wives are fasting for their long lives. Ragini hurts them but they light fire around her and call her father's spirit to help them. Rather Babu's spirit comes (who was cooked by the three wives) and does Masti with Ragini hence satisfying her urge. Babu and Ragini leave the world together and the three couples live happily ever after.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A 10 year old child, Rohan, is kidnapped from his hostel. Rohan is the only son of the Home Minister. The army and the CBI storm into action. CBI officer Nachiket Verma (Jimmy Shergill) heads the case and gets restrain order from all the other security agencies to make sure that the kidnappers don't panic and kill Rohan. Initially the case is thought of mistaken identity wherein the kidnapper might have tried to kidnap the friend of Rohan, Cheeku who was also drugged while kidnapping.
For a long time there is silence from the kidnapper and everyone is left guessing as who it might be and at the same time the investigation is kept extremely secret, so as to keep the kidnaper(s) from killing Rohan. Behind the scenes the security agencies try to find the location of the kidnapper without raising any kind of suspicion. Rohan is actually kidnapped by Nirmal (Irrfan Khan) after drugging him. Rohan shows his anger towards Nirmal for kidnapping him. Nirmal shows Rohan a pre-recorded video of his friend Cheeku who is in a drugged state struggling with fear. Nirmal tells Rohan that Cheeku will be killed if he refuses to co-operate with him. Nirmal keeps traveling via public transport to evade his location.
One day, the kidnapper call the father of Cheeku to convey a message to the Home Minister that the kidnapper has kidnapped the son of the Home Minister on purpose. His demand is that he wants his son, who was lost in an act of negligence by the government, be found. It is then revealed that Nirmal had a happy family with his son, Apu (short for Apurva), after his wife left them. Apu died when a bridge collapsed on him on his way to school. Moved and depressed by his loss, Nirmal decided to seek revenge from the politicians and others responsible for the death of his son.
The news becomes a hot item in the media. Towards the end, Nirmal travels back to his house in Mumbai with Rohan, and calls a TV news channel from there and demands all those who were involved in the bridge collapse, including the Home Minister, come to his house, threatening to kill Rohan and himself if they don't. He makes the bridge contractor, the Home Minister and the ruling party's money man (Pratap Nimbalkar), confess their corrupt activities on a live broadcast on TV. Rohan indicates he understands why Nirmal did what he did and Rohan and Nirmal hug before Rohan leaves with his father. Nirmal surrenders to the police and is later seen immersing the articles his son was wearing when he died, in sea while being under the custody of the police.
-----------------------------------------------------------
From Mumbai, a girl; Sophie Dias (Sara Loren), struggles too hard to become a top Super Model and during her struggle she meets a photographer; Aditya Vardhan (Adhyayan Suman), who helps her throughout her efforts and also falls in love with her. The movie was released on 22 July 2016 and the Promotions of the movie is done by Vedant Kumar Mishra Shamrock Communications.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Figs is the typical cynic one finds lurking in the expansive lawns of Delhi University. Entangled in a web of drugged out delirium, he’s the quintessential rebel. His world is thrown into disarray when his conservative parents begin to chalk out a strategy for his future. Things only become worse when a sudden scarcity of hash deprives Figs of his favourite pastime. Unable to cope with the situation, Figs joins forces with his best friend Maggie on a quest to attain M Cream, a mythical form of hash. They hastily devise a plan to trek to the far reaches of the Himalayas in pursuit of this goal. Maggie ropes in her boyfriend Niz, who’s purportedly headed to the hills on a photo assignment. Unbeknownst to Figs, the trio is joined by Jay, a close friend of Niz. Chaos ensues as the reckless travelers journey across the Himalayan expanse. The road trip results in a series of unexpected encounters that begin to unravel the myriad realities of rebellion. Difficult choices are made and uncomfortable sides are taken as Figs and the others begin to comprehend the mysterious ways of the world we live in.
-----------------------------------------------------------
During a cricket tournament in the Middle East, 48 hours prior to the final match between India and Pakistan, India's top cricketer Viraj Sharma (Saqib Saleem) goes missing. Indian authorities get a video tape of an unknown Pakistani Fan, claiming to have abducted Viraj till the India vs Pakistan cricket match two days later and warning them not to cancel the match. To avoid media outrage the Defence Minister of India sends special task force officer Kabir Shergill (John Abraham) to U.A.E for a 36-hour manhunt."After being received by and getting into a semi-scuffle with a local officer, Saeed Naqvi(Tarun Khanna), Kabir, who is a no-nonsense cop, bumps into a rookie Indo-Emirati police officer Junaid Ansari (Varun Dhawan), who has never been able to solve a case but has a good knowledge of the town which he acquired during his first incomplete case of finding a dog named Bradman.
Both Kabir and Junaid start their investigation with a CCTV footage of Viraj's hotel and find out that on the night of his disappearance, Viraj went out with a local girl, Samira Dalal(Nargis Fakhri). On confronting her, she reveals that she took Viraj to a friend's party but he left soon. Kabir and Junaid roam around the town to meet a local goon nicknamed Khabri Chacha (Vijay Raaz) who directs them to a gay playboy Sameer Gazi (Akshay Kumar), the city's biggest party animal who met Viraj in the same party, but still could not get any clue. Finally, the duo gets a breakthrough by tracking down Viraj's cellphone from the apartment of a pick-pocketer, Ishika (Jacqueline Fernandez) who claims to have stolen the cell phone from a stranger, the previous night, in a supermart. They also manage to capture the person in the video, but discover that he is just a struggling actor being used as the face in the video by the real kidnapper. However, Junaid is shocked when the actor recognizes the "stranger" Ishika had mentioned as the fugitive who conducted his audition, and rubs a sketch clue of evidence right out to Kabir, who asks Saeed, Junaid's superior, to identify the stranger.
Meanwhile, it is revealed that the real kidnapper is a cricket bookie Wagah (Akshaye Khanna), who along with his assistant Altaf (Rahul Dev), the stranger, has abducted Viraj and offered him 300 million rupees to under play in the final. They finally close the deal for 500 million. But when the deal didn't work out and Viraj closeted onto them, bluffing an imposterly Wagah into believing he would underplay, they kidnap him permanently till the final match is played. In the current time Kabir, a suspended-from-duty Junaid and Ishika go to an underground Arabian club in Altaf's native state Abuddin, full of goons and guns, where, during the journey, Junaid reveals to Ishika that Kabir suffered from cancer and has lost his smile since, and she, in turn, warms up to Kabir, sending photos of both together while he is still asleep, to his recently turned ex-girlfriend Alishka, with whom he had a breakup. Kabir spots Altaf and both try to chase him down but before they could succeed, a sniper kills Altaf. Wagah calls and confesses to Kabir that he got him killed and they should stop searching for Viraj. Wagah confronts Viraj, threatens to kill his family, shoots both a Mumbai-based partner and his own manager, and asks his wife to leave with their son, finally stranded, with only Bradman by his side.
On returning to Abu Dhabi, Kabir and Junaid are taken off the case and Kabir ordered to fly back to India. But at the 11th hour Junaid gets a clue of Viraj's whereabout through a camera on Bradman's neck, as Wagah has hidden him in a yacht near the team's hotel. Both reach the location only to discover that Wagah has fled leaving behind Viraj tied with a time bomb after Wagah realised that Bradman, who is apparently his pet, carried over his neck a GPS tracker band Junaid tied out to never lose track of Bradman. With minutes to blast Kabir negotiates with Wagah to stop the bomb in return of 5 billion rupees from Indian Government. Wagah takes the money but refuses to stop the bomb. After witnessing the blast from a distance Wagah walks into the cricket stadium expecting the match to begin without Viraj. But to his shock Viraj is alive and walks into the ground all ready to play as a parallel flashback reveals Kabir and Junaid helped Viraj to get out of the jacket by dislocating his shoulder and all three had jumped into water just before the blast.
After seeing his plan failed, Wagah tries to run away only to be apprehended by the duo. Kabir returns to India along with Ishika, while Junaid, who regains his duty, gets a marriage proposal from an Indian girl Muskaan (Parineeti Chopra) and he also plans to fly to India to meet her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Fever movie is about a contract killer who loses his memory in an accident. After which he wakes up knowing only his name and the company of a woman who wants to help this person to regain his identity. As soon as the killer regain his identity kills the woman after he made his lust in action. 
The movie starts of introducing the protagonist a man named Armin Salem [ Rajeev Khanderwal], is shown recovering in the hospital after a car accident and is diagnosed as suffering from retrograde amnesia. there are only a few things that he remembers namely his name, that he is originally from pairs and furthermore that he might have committed the murder of a woman named Rhea Wagner [Gemma Atkinson].He wants to know who he really is and he keeps repeating the same question to the different characters; the question being who he is. It is explained close to 3 timed and which is the reason that it is explained.
He starts getting flashbacks from his past and remembers and recalls the identity of a woman identifying herself as Kavya [ Gauhar Khan] who keeps reappearing in his hallucinations along with rhea. She then starts stalking him. Kavya’s role in Armin’s life is quite hazy but eventually the truth is reviled as to why she is too close to Armin. Things get more interesting when Armin meets rhea, he remembers that he is Karan who is a writer and all the clips that he sees are the hidden shades of the writer himself. After losing the memory of Karan, the writer, he adopted the memory of Armin who used to work as a contract killer. he is shown to be e very smooth with the ladies and is also very quick with a gun.
He also finds out that the woman named Kavya in none other than the wife of Karan named pooja. when pooja finds out that Karan has lost his memory she introduces herself with a fake identity to regain her husband as they were going through a rough patch in their marriage. She ends up killing a woman named Ankita Makwana [Grace Soni] who is reveled to be Karan’s girlfriend, she then manipulates him to think that someone is trying to trap him and that she will help him in every way possible.1 finally, Kavya/Pooja's motivation is reviled when she helps Armin dump the dead body of Ankita and flee from the scene. Kavya admits that it was the fever of her inner rage that gave her the courage to love someone despite not being loved back.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens in 2016 B.C. with Sarman, a young man from the ancient village of Amri, who lost his parents when young. Sarman's uncle gives him an amulet that contains an inscription of a unicorn Sarman sees in his dreams. This animal is also the emblem of the city of Mohenjo Daro.
Arriving in Mohenjo Daro to sell his wares, Sarman learns that the city is ruled by the tyrant chief Maham and his wicked son Moonja. Maham proposes to impose an additional tax on the farmers, but Sarman leads the farmers to oppose the taxes so that their families don't starve. Sarman gains access to the upper city by showing his uncle’s amulet and falls in love with Chaani, daughter of the head priest of Mohenjo Daro. The head priest, strangely, appears to recognize him. Chaani reveals that she has been forcibly betrothed to Moonja. Maham realizes Sarman and Chaani love each other and that Sarman is the leader of the tax revolt. Realizing that the people are rallying behind him, Maham gives Sarman the Bakar-Zokhar challenge. Sarman proposes that if he wins, Chaani will be released from her engagement. It is accepted.
The head priest reveals to Sarman how Maham was expelled from Harappa for illegal trade with Sumerians. Maham entered Mohenjo Daro as a trader and quickly rose to become the trade chief. Maham had discovered that the mighty Sindhu river held vast gold deposits so he decided to dam the river and divert its course to mine the gold. The wise Senate Chief Srujan opposed this but Maham built the dam anyway and had Srujan framed and arrested for hoarding gold. Chaani's father and Durjan - Sarman’s uncle - were threatened by Maham to go against Srujan, and Srujan was killed. Maham then took his place as the new Senate Chief. The head priest then reveals that Sarman is Srujan’s son. It is now up to Sarman to purge the evil Maham.
Sarman faces the ferocious Tajik mountain cannibals Bakar and Zokhar in an arena before the city. After a vicious battle, he kills one of the cannibals but spares the other and the people of Mohenjo Daro surge even stronger behind him. Enraged, Maham urges Moonja to finish off Chaani and the priest. Moonja kills the priest but Sarman saves Chaani and kills Moonja.
Chaani exposes Maham’s plan to use the gold from the Sindhu to enrich himself and to smuggle in weapons from the West. All the chiefs now stand against Maham. The people elect Sarman as the new chief but Sarman suggests Mohenjo Daro needs a people’s government, not a chief. Sarman realizes that the dam will burst and the Sindhu River will flood the city. He rallies the people to lash boats together and form a floating bridge. They evacuate Mohenjo Daro and cross to the other side of the river. The dam collapses, and Maham, chained in the city square, is drowned. The once renowned Mohenjo Daro is no more. The survivors migrate to another river, which Sarman names Ganga.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story dates back to the late 1950s and revolves around an Indian Naval Officer Rustom Pavri (Akshay Kumar), who is happily married to Cynthia Pavri (Ileana D'Cruz). Their marriage hits the rocks when Rustom discovers about his wife's affair with his friend Vikram Makhija (Arjan Bajwa). After returning early from his ship's deployment, Rustom discovers Vikram's love letters in Cynthia's cupboard. While trying to find her, Rustom sees them together. He returns home and waits for Cynthia to return and then confronts her with the love letters, but walks away before Cynthia can explain. Rustom then gets himself a pistol from the Naval Ship's Armory and makes a Trunk call to Defence HQ, New Delhi. Afterwards, he searches for Vikram, first in his office and then at his home. After Rustom enters Vikram's bedroom, the servant hears three gun shots and rushes to the room, to discover Vikram's body in a pool of blood and Rustom walking away with the pistol in his hand. Rustom immediately surrenders to the police and Inspector Vincent Lobo (Pawan Malhotra) starts the investigation.
Vikram's sister Priti Makhija (Esha Gupta) meet with public prosecutor, Lakshman Khangani (Sachin Khedekar) to get Rustom the toughest punishment possible. Truth, a local newspaper, publishes the news adding some spice to it, which creates a stir in the city. On the one side the Navy supports its officer and asks the police to hand over his custody to them while on the other side the Parsi community offers help by hiring a good defense lawyer. Rustom refuses everybody's help and decides to fight the case on his own and prefers police custody. While the Editor in Chief of Truth, Erich Billimoria (Kumud Mishra), creates a sympathetic image for Rustom in public, Rustom's senior Naval officer Rear Admiral Prashant Kamat (Parmeet Sethi) sends two goons to his house to search for a set of documents, but they fail to find anything. Scared, Cynthia rushes to jail to inform Rustom, who hasn't talked to her ever since he is in custody. Rustom finally meets and listens to Cynthia's story, about how she was lonely and upset when Rustom went away to London for many months. With the connivance of Priti, Vikram took advantage of Cynthia's loneliness and she fell for him. However, on the day of Vikram's murder, Cynthia had already broken-up with him for the sake of her marriage. Vikram cannot bear her spurning him and slaps her hard. She gets injured and walks out of Vikram's house.
On Rustom's instructions, Cynthia blackmails Rear Admiral Prashant Kamat for Rs 5 crore in exchange for the vital documents he needed. In the court hearing, Rustom unexpectedly pleads not guilty in front of the Judge Patel (Anang Desai), which leads to a 9-member jury trial. At the culmination of the trial, Rustom is found not guilty by the jury since he shot Vikram in self-defence. Meanwhile, it is found that Vincent Lobo was in Delhi and he had met the office secretary of the Ministry of Defence to obtain the recording of the trunk call that Rustom had made. When back in Bombay, the trunk call is played, convincing almost everyone that Rustom is guilty, and the court proceedings end for the jury to decide on their opinion. In the police station on the night of the court proceeding, Rustom tells Vincent Lobo the truth: he was posted in London for several months inspecting an aircraft carrier that the Navy wants to purchase, but on inspection, it was found by Rustom that the carrier's hull was corroded, and it would have to be repaired and modified before the carrier could be transferred to India. Vikram was in charge of the aircraft carrier, and he attempted to bribe him in order to convince him to say that the carrier is seaworthy. When Rustom attempted to notify the defence secretary in London, the secretary also attempts to bribe him and get the carrier to India. Vikram attempts to persuade him and Rustom then slaps him showing his power of his uniform. The next day it is shown that Rustom is proved not guilty by the jury and he walks free. Then it is shown in the flashback that Vikram had dated Cynthia to show Rustom his power of money and take revenge on him, but not for her beauty. Lobo is said that Rustom did not reveal about the aircraft carrier as then everyone would think the navy to be corrupt and then not believe in them just because of few officers. Rustom and Cynthia walk out of the court with their heads held up high and then the film rolls into the credits. In the end it is shown that after Rustom's trial, the jury system is abolished in India. And also Defence Secretary K.M.Bakshi committed suicide by shooting himself on INS Vishal unexpectedly.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Harpreet "Happy" Kaur (Diana Penty) is supposed to marry Daman Singh Bagga (Jimmy Shergill), a small-time corporator, in Amritsar, India. But, on the eve of her wedding, she tries to elope with her boyfriend, Guddu (Ali Fazal), a musician. However, during her escape stunt, she inadvertently finds herself in a truck destined for Lahore, Pakistan, and ends up in the home of Bilal Ahmed (Abhay Deol). Happy informs Bilal, an upcoming politician, that she wants to call Guddu. Bilal refuses to help her. Meanwhile in Amritsar, Guddu is abducted by Bagga to make sure that Happy would have to ultimately return to him.
Happy creates a ruckus in Lahore and is caught by a police officer, Usman Afridi (Piyush Mishra), who informs Bilal. Bilal intends to deport her immediately. Happy fears that she would be handed over to her father, who would forcefully marry her off to Bagga. She threatens Bilal that she would ruin his family name by announcing to the media that she had been smuggled from India as a part of human trafficking racket. Bilal is then confronted by his fiancée Zoya (Momal Sheikh). Initially Zoya feels that Bilal is cheating on her with Happy, but then assumes for a while that Happy is telling the truth and co-operates with them. Zoya suggests that the only way to get rid of Happy is to get Guddu into Pakistan, have Happy and Guddu married and then deport them together. Until then, Happy is to stay at Bilal's residence. Bilal has a difficult time keeping this secret from his father and struggles to keep Happy reined in.
When Bilal's father travels to China for two weeks, Bilal makes a plan to go to India with Afridi. They pose as members of a Lahore-based music company who want Guddu to perform them. They meet Bagga and Guddu, but Bagga initially refuses to let Guddu go. Bagga relents when Bilal tells him that as Guddu is out in Lahore, he would peacefully be able to marry Happy. One night, as Guddu and Afridi have been drinking, one of Bagga's men overhears Afridi tell Guddu the reality of the situation. As Bilal and Afridi cross the border with Guddu, Bagga's man tells him that Happy is in Lahore and that the music show was a just a ploy to take Guddu to Lahore. As Guddu reaches Lahore, Bilal's father returns from China as his meetings were cancelled. Happy is then abducted by goons employed by Bagga. Bagga gets Happy's father along with him to Lahore, where Afridi has already made provisions to arrest him as soon as he steps down from the bus. Bagga is arrested along with a messenger from the goons who have abducted Happy.
Afridi leads a team with Bilal, Zoya & Guddu to the goons' hideout, where they find and free Happy. Meanwhile the goons free Bagga from prison. Meanwhile, Happy's father, who is searching her in Lahore, is mistaken by a police for an Indian spy who is planning to kill Bilal's father. Posters of Happy's father are distributed around Lahore, explaining that he is there to kill Bilal's father. Bilal feels that Happy's father is out to kill his father since he is helping Happy marry Guddu. In the ensuing chaos, Happy marries Guddu and escapes from Bagga back to India. In the end Bagga is shown to be seeking votes for himself in India in the name of uniting two lovers Happy and Guddu and bringing them back from Pakistan.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins with a strong influential businessman Mr. Malhotra (Kay Kay Menon) who has his factory on a land near a lake into which pollutants and toxins are leaked. He wants to build a bridge across it for faster transportation but cannot do so due to a sacred tree present on the other side of the lake on a piece of land which belongs to Mrs. Dhillon.
Mrs. Dhillon is a hard core Punjabi woman living with her two sons Aman Dhillon (Tiger Shroff) and Rohit Dhillon (Gaurav Pandey). Aman is a martial arts teacher in a school. He has a crush on Kirti (Jacqueline Fernandez).
Malhotra who wants to get rid of the tree brings in Raka (Nathan Jones), a mutant, to get the job done.
He reaches the spot but Aman is present there and tries to stop Raka. Raka sticks Aman against the tree and tries to kill him. He does not notice that Aman has got a certain glow emanating from his body after hitting the tree. Raka tries to insert the saw blade into his neck but as soon as it touches the skin, a sudden thunderstorm hits the tree. The impact throws back Raka and he lands in Malhotra's factory's garbage area.
The next morning, Aman finds himself on his bed alive with no sign of any injury and presumes all that happened to be a dream. He does not notice the khanda that has appeared on his back, which is also carved on the tree. That day, he and his brother notice a few unusual things such as easily catching fast balls from a bowling machine, learning new stuff quickly by just touching items, etc. Later his mother also confirms this by hitting Aman various times with a sharp knife and all wounds are healed within seconds, confirming he gained access to a rapidly advanced healing factor. She immediately declares him a super hero.
She then goes so far as to remove Aman's fear of heights by showing him several superhero films from both Marvel and DC, and even tells him the story of his father Sardar Kartar Singh Dhillon, a Sikh who went to Shaolin to learn martial arts and was named "Flying Jatt". She asks Aman to take up the legacy of his father and keep "Flying Jatt" as his superhero name to which he agrees. Initially various events takes place like flying low due to his fear of heights, misunderstandings due to his costume, but he is recognised when he saved hostages from a terrorist attack at an airport. He even proposes to Kirti in the process and reveals his identity.
Raka, who had been missing all this while, is found alive but is now stronger and more dangerous than before because he has more toxins deposited in his body and started growing stronger with increased pollution. Aman goes to battle him various times but is fatally injured. To save him from further pain, his brother Rohit goes in his place as Flying Jatt and gets killed. Not wanting to lose her other son, Mrs. Dhillon decides to leave the town.
Aman decides to stay, saying that he can leave the town, but the cries and sounds of pain of the people would never leave him. Aman's mother asks him to wear his father's turban, but he refuses. She then reminds him of a story of their town, in which all women were kidnapped. It was only the men of the town that had saved all of them while wearing their turbans. She said their turbans gave them power, and the power of his father would be with him if he would wear his turban. Aman then finally agrees to wear the turban and fight Raka.
On the other hand, the people who think Flying Jatt is dead decide to defeat Raka on their own and even Malhotra joins them, after his daughter is affected by the pollution. They decide to eliminate pollution by planting trees everywhere, but Raka comes to kill them once and for all, but Flying Jatt suddenly appears. Raka, in a fit of rage, drags Flying Jatt to the tree and tries to kill him when his mother comes in front and prays, giving more inspiration to Aman who gets up, and, while cutting through the clouds, takes Raka to an asteroid near Earth. He says that there is no place on Earth to defeat him, but he becomes vulnerable on the pollution free asteroid. After a long fight, Aman finally inserts his kara (steel bracelet) into Raka due to which Raka explodes.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Akira Sharma (Sonakshi Sinha) is a little girl in a small town who lives happily with her father and mother. One day, she witnesses a crime involving a group of unruly men ruthlessly throwing acid on a young woman's face. Akira helps the police catch one of the criminals causing his accomplices to swear vengeance. Akira's father realizes the importance of self-defense and enrolls her in a self-defense class. On her way home one day, Akira notices some gang members teasing a girl. She beats them up, but one of them takes out a bottle of acid to throw acid on her. When it backfires, Akira is accused of throwing acid on his face and is sent to juvenile jail.
Fourteen years later, Akira has grown into a brave and headstrong young woman, while her father has died. Akira and her mom move in with her brother, someone Akira shares a slight hatred with. Akira later joins Holy Cross College and lives in a hostel, as her mom decides to stay back with her brother, while taking care of his child. A couple of students try to bully her but end up learning the hard way to not mess with her. One night, an inspector, (Anurag Kashyap) runs into one of the college professors with his car and beats him up because the professor is upset about the policeman's behaviour. The college students reach out to the commissioner with the aid of a strike. The police brutally beats them up and tries to move all of the students away, with only Akira remaining. She hands over the signed petition sheet and the information to the commissioner when he arrives.
A couple of days later, the same policeman who hit the professors, robs and kills a man. When he admits this on the phone at his girlfriend's place, she records his confession and decides to show it to her friends. At the last moment, her camera with all the information is stolen, and someone blackmails the policeman. All this makes the inspector nervous; he kills his girlfriend and begins researching who is behind this. This case is handled by ACP Rabiya, (Konkona Sen Sharma) who suspects that the policeman's girlfriend did not commit suicide, but that she had been murdered. One day, Akira finds a bag full of stolen items, including the camera, in front of her dorm. The policemen see her and take her away and decide to kill her. She sees three of the policemen kill two other men. The main ACP calls them and tells them they have the wrong girl, but because she saw everything to just shoot her. She escapes, goes to her principal, and tells him everything that has happened. He tells her he would love to help her but can only do so in the morning.
Suddenly, the cops take her away, and, with the help of a doctor, they give her shocks and an injection in order to prove to the world that she is mentally unstable. She flees from the hospital with the help of another patient, Rani. She decides to prove her innocence but can only do so if one of the policemen speaks up. She kidnaps one, but she is caught by ACP himself. They try to kill her, but ACP Rabiya saves her. Rabiya is immediately stopped by the commissionaire because revealing the ACP can cause riots as the man killed by ACP in the car is the brother of a strong politician. She has to let the case go and leave but tells Akira that everything will be OK, though she can not save her and she will be compensated for all this later on. Akira kills all of those corrupt inspectors after Rabiya leaves, but still goes with the mental hospital to be proven mentally unstable when it occurs. She is released three months later. Akira decides to follow her dads footsteps by helping other kids.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Twin brothers living in two very different worlds get trapped in hilarious situations when they unknowingly replace each other.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A collection of three comic-dramatic stories set in Mumbai. The first is about a diligent office worker who wins the office 'Fun Committee Award', which entitles him to a whole day full of fun. He is most reluctant to leave the safety of his cubicle but he has to. Prescribed fun modules have to be completed and non-compliance is not an option... The second story begins with a domineering head-of-the-family, Anil, who is on life support. Seeking some relief, his family decides to buy a TV, which Anil had banned. Now every night the family plugs into a popular soap whose hero, Purshottam, is a man ideal in every way and they are smitten. Then suddenly, comes the news that Anil is better and may be home soon. Will they have to let Purshottam go?... The third one centers on Aarti whose repetitive existence is slowly making her more and more mechanical and numb. Deep inside ferments a disconnect and unease that she is unable to articulate to anyone. Then one day there arrives a most intimate letter and everything changes...
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jai Verma (Sidharth Malhotra) and Diya Kapoor (Katrina Kaif) are childhood sweethearts. Jai is a maths professor and Diya, an artist. While Jai hopes to get a fellowship at Cambridge University, Diya wishes to get married to her long-term boyfriend. Jai agrees to get married reluctantly but the thought of saat pheras and the billion rituals as well as the fear of weddings ending in divorces make him change his mind. Jai criticizes these meaningless rituals and talks negatively of his marriage. He tells Diya that he has other plans for his bright future and she may not be a part of it. She walks away heartbroken. Jai gets drunk and passes out only to wake up in Thailand on his honeymoon. He discovers that it's been ten days since he got married to Diya. He has no memory of it at all. Next up, he wakes up in Cambridge, only to find his wife about to deliver their child. He discovers that it has been two years since his marriage. He realises he has been time travelling and has no control over it.
Next time he wakes up, he is a professor at Cambridge University, his dream job. It has been eighteen years since his marriage. To his horror, Jai realises that it is the day when he and Diya are divorced. Heartbroken, he returns home and pleads to return to the past to set things right.
Jai wakes up the next day, realizing he is in the past, seven years after his marriage. He juggles many priorities of his family and career. However Jai gives more priority to work and instead of going for Diya's first art exhibition, he goes to his friend Chitra's (Sayani Gupta) place to help her with her breakup. Chitra tries to have an affair with Jai. Believing it to be the cause of his divorce,Jai hastily returns home, but his family is unhappy with him.
Jai is however convinced that he has set things right. The next day, he wakes up to find himself in his 60 year old self. He finds out that his mother had died and everyone gathered for her funeral. After the funeral, Jai is shocked that he and Diya are still divorced and that Diya had married another man who enjoyed the love of Jai's mother (Sarika) and children.
Reeling from this blow, Jai comes across the priest (Rajit Kapoor) who had conducted his marriage, who warns him of the importance of time. Jai is given another opportunity to set things right as he goes back in time to the same day, seven years after his marriage. This time, he sets things right. He spends time with his children, does his work well and makes Diya feel special and attends her art exhibition. At the end of the day, Jai is a happy man.
Jai wakes up back into the present, the day after he argued with Diya about his life and his career. Jai rushes back to her, cherishing every moment along the way. Jai reconciles with Diya and promises to be true to her. The film ends with both getting married and everyone dancing.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ali, a poor man turned gangster gets fired after working in an owner's clothing store. Ali worries that he won't be able to earn money anymore to take care of his mother named Salubha but his friend Maqsood inspires him. Ali and Maqsood try to get money from a rich and royal woman Padmavati but they manage to do it only after a fight with her. Maqsood is been working for Danger Bhai to get him money. Ali was going to be married but gets stopped by the owner in whose store Ali was working. Ali goes to golf course to get some money from Singhania. As Singhania is unable to put a ball in hole, Ali suddenly gets challenged. Ali accepts his challenge and he wins it to collect money. Ali's uncle Kishan Lal who is a caddy driver , tells Ali that if he plays golf he can earn lots of money and can become a champion. Ali goes for practice but is unable to do it properly. Kishan tells Ali that his future is stuck between a perfect shot and a wrong choice. Ali inspired by this takes the correct path and practices perfectly. Ali in this process falls in love with Megha, a manager of golf champion Vikram Rathod who is arrogant, greedy and dishonest. Megha praises Ali's performance but when Vikram tries to insult him he (Ali) overcomes it by telling him that even if poor people play the game played by the rich people can learn to win but "never lose". Ali pays the fee of entering into tournament and qualifies into top 60 against 72 players. Vikram soon fires Megha and shows his arrogance to Ali but Ali reflects his attack by lessons that he learnt from the world. Ali wins events and earns money to take care of Salubha, at this process Ali and Megha developed feelings with each other. Danger Bhai tricks and blackmails Maqsood to not help Ali and Maqsood does it. When Megha finds out she tells to Ali's mother (Salubha) and Maqsood gets scolded for this. Maqsood tries to explain why was he doing this, Ali's mother convinces Maqsood that being honest/true person is more important. Kishan tells Ali that Maqsood has troubled him (Kishan) too. Ali feels annoyed and insults Maqsood. Maqsood regrets and decides to help Ali. Vikram injures Ali's hand, everyone feels worried and starts praying. Ali comes back to the final event with an injured hand which is recovering currently. Bade Bhai comes in the match to see and Danger Bhai joins Vikram. Maqsood insults and tells Vikram that Vikram can injure Ali's hand but not his courage and goal and Maqsood becomes the new caddy. Ali gets inspired by his mother who insults Danger Bhai and Bade Bhai who were trying to insult Ali. Ali then during the match gains his confidence back, removes plaster-bandage and plays perfectly. When Maqsood asks Ali what he's going to do, Ali tells that he's going to "hit a six like in cricket". Ali executes a great shot flying above the tree and into the hole and Ali wins. Vikram accepts his defeat and lets him go. Bade Bhai praises Ali and cancels all illegal business and Ali celebrates his victory with his friends and his lover Megha.
-----------------------------------------------------------
On January 1, 2016. Rehaan (Gaurav Arora) and Shaina (Kriti Kharbanda) return to Romania after a few years of their marriage. Apparently they lived there when they were unmarried. But when Rehaan got an offer as a Venture Capitalist for the East European Finance Company, Shaina was insistent that he take up the job. Rehaan was reluctant, since he had a secret to hide. On the very first day, while unpacking her luggage, Shaina experiences paranormal activities. Rehaan refuses to believe her. A month later, while on a business trip, Rehaan receives a frantic call from Shaina requesting for help. She is found holed up in a telephone booth in a rural area. Apparently, she had gone there to visit a clairvoyant. And thence, the narrative juggles back and forth as to what plagues them and what leads her to the clairvoyant. The local priest can’t do much about it. The ghost knows the priest’s past. So, a blind Indian student studying Psychometry in Romania enters the game. Then, enters Aditya Shrivastava (Emraan Hashmi, Shaina’s former boyfriend) to rescue his lady love from the evil spirit. Aditya has some strange premonition about all the events taking place in Shaina’s life. He offers to help her to fight the spirt and free his lady love from all the pain she is going through. Although, Shaina doesn’t believe him at first, certain series of events make her believe that the spirit has something to do with her husband Rehaan. She finds out that he is keeping ‘Raaz’ which has now started to haunt their life. And in the end it is found out that Rehaan had killed Aditya. And it's Aditya's ghost who wants to take revenge from Rehaan. Now the spirit of Aditya have completely taken possession of Shiana. To save Shiana from the evil spirit of Aditya, Trilok (Indian student studying psychometry) recites Gajendra moksh stotra, more powerful than Vishnuji's mantra. By reciting this mantra, Aditya's evil spirit will have to leave Shiana's body. But there's a condition, that the mantra will have to be recited without a break. Though Aditya's spirit tricks Trilok and Rehan from completing the mantra, Rehan saves Shiana from Aditya. And the film gets over with Rehan and Shiana sitting over lakeside.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raunak Anand a.k.a. Dumpy (Raashul Tandon) and Vishwajyoti Ghosh a.k.a Vishwa (Tushar Pandey) rush their friend, Rajveer Singh (Angad Bedi) to the hospital. He is profusely bleeding from an injury to his head. They nervously refrain from filing a police complaint. Elsewhere three young women — Minal Arora (Taapsee Pannu), Falak Ali (Kirti Kulhari) and Andrea Tariang (Andrea Tariang) — hurriedly travel in a taxi to their apartment. They look disoriented, and it is implied that they have something to do with the incident.
Minal and her friends are shaken but try to carry on with their normal life. They are independent and self-sufficient women living together in South Delhi. Minal goes out for her morning run, where she sees an old man staring at her. He turns out to be Deepak Sehgal (Amitabh Bachchan), their neighbor. Eventually a series of threats arise from Rajveer’s friend Ankit Malhotra (Vijay Verma), who pushes for revenge. The threats result in Andrea being stalked and Falak losing her job. They are discouraged by a police officer from filing a complaint stating it would make their daily lives miserable. In reality the local police are aware that the young men are "well connected" and are backed-up by Rajveer’s uncle who is a powerful politician from South Delhi. Nevertheless, Minal files a complaint.
Minal is kidnapped by Rajveer’s friends during her morning run. Deepak witnesses the incident but is unable to help. Minal is molested in the moving car and dropped back at night after being warned to drop the charges. A few days later, Minal is arrested by police from her apartment, based on a complaint from Rajveer labeling the women as prostitutes and charging Minal with attempted murder. Deepak visits Falak and Andrea at their apartment and helps them with the bail procedures. It turns out that Deepak was a reputable lawyer who retired after a decline in his mental health, and also to take care of his ailing wife Sara (Mamta Shankar). He comes out of retirement to help the women.
In the courtroom, Rajveer’s lawyer, Prashant Mehra (Piyush Mishra), presents the following version of events: Rajveer and his friends meet with Minal and her friends at a rock concert. The men invite the women for dinner at a hotel resort, where they have drinks. The women provoke the men and demand money, all signs indicating that they are prostitutes. Rajveer refuses to pay and an enraged Minal hits him on the head with a bottle and flees.
Prashant’s argument focuses on the poor moral character of the women. He pushes the idea that the friendly manner of the women, the fact that they attended a rock concert and the fact that they had drinks with the men indicate that they were prostitutes. Prashant attacks the fact that Minal has family in Delhi but chooses to live alone, Falak is in a relationship with an older man, and Andrea has moved to the city from the North East of India.
Contrary to this, Minal and her friends state that the men tried to sexually assault them. Minal alleges that Rajveer tried to rape her, and she attacked him with the bottle in self-defense. Deepak’s argument focuses on the issue of consent and a woman’s right to say no. A series of interesting and chilling courtroom arguments ensues in the following days. Towards the end of the trial, Rajveer becomes enraged and provoked by Deepak, revealing the truth by stating that the women “got what they deserved”. Deepak criticizes the regressed views of the society where women are stereotyped as prostitutes if they come home late, move out of their home, want to be independent, drink and so on, but none of these apply to men.
In his closing remarks, Deepak mentions that his client said “no”. No means no and doesn’t require further explanation. The court rules in favor of the women, acquitting them. Rajveer, Ankit, and Dumpy are charged, with the final verdict of their punishment pending.
The closing credits shows what happened at the resort, with the events leading up to Minal’s attack on Rajveer.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Parched is the story of four women in a desert village of Rajasthan, India. The village and the society are plagued by several social evils, age-old traditions and practices of patriarchy, child marriage, dowry, marital rapes and physical and mental abuse.
Rani (Tannishtha Chatterjee) is a widow struggling to support her old mother-in-law and teenage son, Gulab (Riddhi Sen). Following village customs, Rani marries Gulab off to a child bride by paying a hefty sum to the bride's family. Meanwhile, Gulab is disrespectful, rebellious, and prefers to loiter with a gang of spoilt friends, and spend time with sex workers. Janki (Lehar Khan), the child bride, hopes to stop the marriage by chopping off her hair but is still forced into the relation. Lajjo (Radhika Apte) lives in the same village as Rani, and is a close friend and aid in Rani's struggles. Lajjo is in an abusive marriage with an alcoholic husband, Manoj (Mahesh Balraj). Having failed to conceive, Lajjo is mocked for being infertile and therefore worthless in the eyes of her husband and society. The fourth woman is Bijli (Surveen Chawla), an erotic dancer in a travelling entertainment company. She is eye candy for the men in the village and doubles as a sex worker. Because of her profession, Bijli is ridiculed in the day and not welcomed at auspicious events. Bijli is a close friend and advisor to both Rani and Lajjo.
The movie begins with Rani and Lajjo visiting another village to see Janki and fix a price for her dowry. Meanwhile, Gulab is seen loitering around a bus stop with his friends. He chases and teases an educated woman, until her husband, Kishan (Sumeet Vyas) approaches. Gulab and his friends comment that it is inappropriate for a woman to travel alone and look at them directly in the eye. While at Janki's house, Rani receives calls on a cell phone bought for her by Gulab. The anonymous caller started off as a wrong number but now consistently tries to charm her. Although Rani is excited by being approached by a man, her happiness wanes when she realizes that her status as a widow may push him away. Later, at the Gram Panchayat, the village participates in solving local issues. The first issue is of a girl named Champa (Sayani Gupta) who ran away from her husband and tried to return to her parents. The Panchayat forces her to return despite her revelation that her husband's male family members all rape her. Kishan and his wife try intervening but are ridiculed for their progressive opinions and Kishan's marriage to an educated, working woman from Manipur.
Kishan is a forward thinking local entrepreneur and employs women in the village for handicrafts and handloom jobs. Both Rani and Lajjo, among other women in the village, work for Kishan and are proud of the money they make from their hard work. In another matter at the Panchayat, the women collectively ask for a satellite dish TV connection. They say that it will alleviate the women's boredom and also stop the men from visiting erotic dance shows. Their demand was turned down previously by the panchayat elders, giving the reason that women of village will be corrupted by the liberal images on the television and also the lack of finances. The women reveal that Kishan has secured a large contract for their handicrafts and so they are prepared to save money for the installation of the satellite and televisions. The elders reluctantly agree and this angers some men in the village, including Gulab, who start to resent Kishan for trying to liberate the women.
The conservative and patriarchal village men are seen to be constantly visiting Bijli. She has been increasingly turning down offers for sex work which irks her boss, who threatens to replace her with a new girl Rekha (Tanya Sachdeva), who is much younger than her. Lajjo is repeatedly abused and raped by her husband and blamed for being infertile. Gulab's marriage to Janki pushes him deeper into the darker areas of loitering and prostitutes, and he is later kidnapped for not paying a prostitute in the nearby city. A distraught Rani approaches Kishan and takes out a loan in order to save Gulab, pushing her further into debt. Gulab continues down his path of destruction and self entitlement, and together with his friends, take revenge on Kishan. First they destroy his handicraft goods, and later on they beat him half to death, which makes Kishan and his wife to leave the village. Janki struggles in the marriage and is repeatedly beaten by Gulab.
Frustrated, Bijli takes her employers car, picks up Rani, Lajjo and Janki, and visit a local fort where they get a chance to talk freely. Lajjo realizes that her inability to give birth might also be just her husband's inability. In an experiment, Lajjo has sex with Bijli's lover (Adil Hussain) and becomes pregnant. Bijli returns to the company to find that her dancing spot has been given to Rekha. She resorts to engaging in traumatic rough sex with multiple men in order to make money.
Rani discovers that her last bit of savings has been stolen and blames Janki. Later that night, Janki questions Gulab about the money, and he begins to beat her. Rani stops and confronts him, and Gulab angrily walks away, saying that he intends to leave the women to fend for themselves. The next day, Rani sells her house and pays off her debts. She relieves Janki of her marriage, allowing her to reunite with her childhood love Rajesh and asking her to continue with her studies. Lajjo informs Manoj of her pregnancy and he begins to beat her, after which she realizes that he is aware of his impotency. Manoj begins to savagely attack Lajjo, and Rani tries to stop him. As Rani witnesses, Manoj falls on fire and is burnt alive. Rani, Lajjo and Bijli together finally run away from the village in search for a better life, away from all the misery of customs, traditions and patriarchy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie follows the journey of Mahendra Singh Dhoni, a budding cricketer from Ranchi becoming the most successful captain of Indian cricket team. The movie begins its screenplay with the ICC Cricket World Cup Final (India vs Sri Lanka) in the Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai where Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Sushant Singh Rajput) is watching the match live on screen. He decides to take the stand, and tells the authorities that he would go for batting if the wicket falls down. Dhoni takes up his bat and leads down the stairs amidst the roar of the crowd. The movie then sets to a flashback in Ranchi, set on 7 July 1981, the day on which Dhoni was born.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Based on two different generations Mirzya replicates the story of two lovebirds who were never meant to be together. Monish a.k.a Adil (Harshvardhan Kapoor) is a horse groomsman who reconnects with his childhood friend Suchitra (Saiyami Kher), a soon to be princess.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Krishna Kumar (Prabhu Deva) is a happy go lucky person who works in Mumbai. He spends his time searching for his dream girl. He wants his life partner to be educated and have supermodel looks. He doesn't want a country girl for a wife. His grandmother is on her deathbed and his father wants him to get married. His father with the aid of his grandmother choose a girl from their village. He tries many times to stop the marriage but nothing works. He gets married to the girl, Devi (Tamannaah) unwillingly. He tries to get rid of her and shifts to a new house to hide her from his friends.
After moving to the new house, Devi's personality changes, which surprises Krishna. He unwillingly takes her to a film festival where, to his shock, she dances and calls herself Ruby. She attracts the attention of actor Raj Khanna (Sonu Sood). Krishna inquires about the house with his neighbours and, to his disbelief, learns about the past owner, a girl called Ruby, an actress who was supposed to debut with Raj Khanna but she was replaced by another actress which caused her to fall into depression and committing suicide in that very house. He finds out that his wife is possessed by Ruby. Ruby gets an acting offer from Raj Khanna and she forces Krishna to let her attend every rehearsal. Eventually Krishna makes a deal with her to end this after one movie. Through the film making process which involves Krishna lying to Devi, Krishna begins to appreciate his wife and falls in love with her. Ruby and Krishna also become close friends.
At the release of the movie, Krishna praises Ruby for her acting. But Ruby betrays him and doesn't leave Devi's body as promised. Krishna tries to make her leave by exposing her in the press conference but she tricks him. At that point Raj also proposes to her. She faints and is rushed to the hospital. The doctor reveals that Devi is pregnant with Krishna's child. Krishna begs Ruby to leave his wife's body and Ruby obeys. The movie ends with Krishna and Devi are happy together while we see Ruby's name on a carton in a trash bin disappear.
In the Tamil version, after a few years, Krishna and Devi live happily and have a child by the time. Krishna goes out to work, but he is possessed by Ruby whose name tag is back again.
In the Hindi version, Raj Khanna is swarmed by his fans asking for autograph and in the midst of all he recognises a hand stretched out, asking for his autograph. He asked for her name and she answers, "Ruby" (Esha Gupta). It is understood Ruby has possessed another body.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie opens in the circus, where the people gathered to watch the show of a lion named GUDDU. But the circus had a fire accident and fortunately lion manages to escape and went to Furfuri Nagar. It scared everyone. However Motu rescues his city from the lion by eating samosas and caged the lion. Motu asks about the lion. The lion explained and requested them to put him in the forest. But Chingam officer says to put him in the national park. Meanwhile in the forest the animals were enjoying. Three monster cars captured some animals so the animals sought the help of the lion. however lion manages to rescue the animals and they ran off. But a man named dheeru manages to arrest the lion and some other animals. Dheeru always says that HE IS HERO BUT NOT ZERO. A girl from his gang slaps him with the mosquito bat. meanwhile Motu and patlu takes lion in a jeep and rests in a forest. it became night. Morning Dheeru came down from the helicopter and teased the lion. It became so angry. Dheeru blackmailed the Lion and he cut the rope of the caged vehicle and the vehicle is about to fall from the hill. but lion manages to escape and resques the animals. the animals made them run away from that place. meanwhile guddu thinking to escape from there. so he acts as a dead lion and manages to escape. But motu caught it. but again it escapes. a member of Dheeru watched it and says to his boss. Dheeru said him to call them. they came there and Dheeru turned motu against the jungle forest says that he is very cruel. next day they all went to forest and saw the lion. motu thinks it as a guddu and pinched him. The lion tries to gets away from him and motu doesn't leave him. there is a crucial fight between them. his friends were waiting and watched the fight. at that time guddu came and talked to patlu and ran away. patlu warned motu that it was not their guddu but the true jungle forest. meanwhile dheeru watched the fight through the camera and shocked to see that they both became friends. Dheeru got angry and sends the rocket and a crack was made in the small portion. motu and the lion manages to escape. Unfortunately the lion fall from the hill. It has been dead. Dheeru and his men starts to destroy the forest. but unfortunately motu and patlu gets trapped by them. Motu was very angry on patlu as he said the lion was still alive. Motu bet patlu but fortunately the dorr getsof the truck gets opened and they manages to escape from them. patlu says that he said lie that the lion is still alive. patlu gives idea that instead of the lion they can use guddu. guddu hears that and tries to escape but unforunately he trapped himself to them. They said the condition and brings guddu to forest. There is a song here. But guddu was unhappy. He wants stay alone in the forest and it went off. Motu while refreshing in the river, a group of fish joined together and makes the face of the lion which fall in the hill. The lion advised motu to lead the animal army to defeat Dheeru. but a small deer saw all these and said to his friends. Animals were anger on them. However motu convinced them and made the team to defeat dheeru. Dheeru went to a place where the gold is behind the rocks and ordered his team to take the gold. A scientist came there and said about his invention it was the hybrid animal. it was the mixture of the dog and wolf. he sends to them in the forest. but motu and patlu defeats them. they went to the place where they are taking gold. Motu was the king of the army and instructs the animals to attack them. there was huge fight between them. A giant man was formed from a box and attacks animals. a small deer came infront of him. but he threw it away. it falls to the place where guddu stayed. the deer requests lion to save the forest. Guddu got anger on them and he turned into a real jungle lion and more powerful than the first one. so guddu came into the battle field and attacks everyone. Motu was very happy. Guddu attacks Dheeru and his team. the final fight was between guddu and the giant. however guddu manages to win over the giant. Guddu was made the king of jungle and film ends with the song MOTU AUR PATLU KI JODI.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film depicts story of Mohan, who has just arrived from Banaras to Mumbai city. He is disturbed to see how people live in cramped houses in the city of Mumbai. His entire world tilts upside down when his wife leaves him for reasons which are untrue. His family too discards him and disrespects him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with Udai (Prateik Babbar) leaving his village for the United States. Following the death of his father, Udai's younger brother Ramakant (Suraj Sharma) realises that the letters his family has been receiving from Udai have been forged by his father and uncle, and learns that Udai vanished when he reached his port city, Mumbai. He embarks upon a journey to locate his brother.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shivaay is a skilled mountaineer who makes a living by providing treks and climbing expeditions to tourists. One day he meets Olga and saves her from an avalanche. They eventually fall in love. Olga becomes pregnant but doesn't want the child. Shivaay begs her to give him the child after which he will not stop her. Eight years later, Shivaay leads a happy life with his mute daughter Gaura until she discovers that Olga is still alive and in Bulgaria. Gaura insists Shivaay to be taken to Bulgaria and despite his old sorrows, Shivaay finally agrees to take her to Bulgaria, where he saves one young child from child traffickers. Shivaay seeks the Indian embassy's help in tracing Olga and is assigned to Anu.
The traffickers, led by the baron Ustinov and his right-hand man, the unseen Changez, come after Shivaay and kidnap Gaura. Shivaay chases the van, destroying various cars but loses the van and is arrested by the Bulgarian police, charged with murder and trafficking. While in the police van, Shivaay imagines the officers in the van to be the same masked traffickers, attacks them, throwing out every single officer. The van accidentally falls off a dam, and the police think that Shivaay is dead. But Shivaay escapes by jumping from the van due to his skills and survives.
Shivaay brings one of the saved prostitutes from a brothel to Anu's home to help her out. Anu, who misunderstood Shivaay earlier, agrees to help him. Olga, having now seen television coverage of Shivaay, meets him and joins him. They seek Wahab's help to recover CCTV footage Shivaay's various chases. Ivanovich, Ustinov's henchman, is beaten badly when he arrives there, after which he reveals Ustinov's location, where Shivaay discovers that Gaura has been taken away to be sold into the flesh trade.
Shivaay chases after the transport van carrying his daughter off to Romania. A prolonged and vicious fight ensues as Changez, now revealed to be Captain Nikolai of the Bulgarian Police, attacks Shivaay but gets killed by the latter. Gaura is reunited with Olga who is now married to a wealthy Bulgarian and can provide Gaura with every comfort. Shivaay doesn't want to lose Gaura, but, seeing as Olga now beseeches him, he heavy-heartedly leaves for the airport, where Gaura arrives & requesting not to leave her, runs into his arms.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In London, a chance meeting between Ayan Sanger and Alizeh Khan ends up with them kissing instinctively. Later, when they break up with their lovers, Lisa D'Souza and Dr. Faisal Khan, the two begin to spend time together at discos, restaurants, and tourist places. While Ayan falls in love with Alizeh, she considers him to be a friend. One day, Alizeh stumbles upon DJ Ali, her ex-boyfriend, who wants to reconcile. Confused, Alizeh stops hanging out with Ayan and they cease communication. A few days later, Alizeh calls and invites Ayan to her wedding with Ali in Lucknow. Ayan is petrified on hearing this but agrees to the invitation. At the wedding, he tells Alizeh he loves her but she rejects his feelings causing Ayan to leave the ceremony heartbroken.
At the airport to board a flight to Frankfurt, Ayan meets Saba, a poet, who is leaving for Vienna. She consoles Ayan and gives him a note with her poetry and number on it. Ayan calls after three months stating that he is in Vienna and wants to meet her. Saba meets him at a disco. Ayan learns that Saba is divorced and has no place for love in her heart. Ayan also meets Saba's ex-husband, Tahir Taliyar Khan in a gallery, who tells him that love is not a weakness but empowering. Ayan who had blocked Alizeh from everywhere, finally calls and reconnects with her. Ayan begins to send pictures of Saba to Alizeh to induce jealousy. One day Alizeh informs Ayan that she's coming to Vienna and wants to meet him. Ayan invites her for dinner, but Alizeh thinks Ayan has found love in Saba and is happy for him. Meanwhile, Saba begins to develop feelings for Ayan, but he loves Alizeh. Seeing his love for Alizeh, Saba leaves Ayan.
Ayan continues to harbour love for Alizeh and becomes a famous singer. He meets Ali one day and realises that they have parted ways. Ayan goes to Alizeh's favourite point and waits there until she arrives.
Alizeh tells Ayan that she is diagnosed with cancer stage IV and will not live much longer. Ayan and Alizeh try to make the best of their time together. Ayan tries to make Alizeh love him, but Alizeh is stubborn. This leads to a fight between the two, and Alizeh decides to leave Ayan. Eventually, Ayan makes peace with the fact that he and Alizeh can at best be friends and nothing more. The screen blacks out and goes back to the beginning where Ayan, still a popular singer, is giving an interview based on the love of his life. Ayan sings the song "Channa Mereya" which is inspired by Alizeh, then finishes the interview.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Taran (Neha Sharma) is engaged to Amar (Aashim Gulati). One day, they go on a skiing vacation and stay in a resort. Taran doesn't like to ski, but Amar loves it. The next morning, while Taran is still asleep, Amar goes out alone to ski. While skiing, Amar skiis into a dangerous area of the mountain. There he almost hits a man on a bike. He manages to avoid the man but falls over the edge of the mountain. Right after, there is an avalanche. Taran and Amar's father (Kanwaljit Singh) search endlessly for Amar, but the rescue team are unable to find him and declare him dead. Taran and Amar's father return home and try to get over their shared grief.
Eight months later, Taran is still mourning the loss of Amar. One evening, Amar's father introduces Taran to Shekhar (Aditya Seal), the son of a good friend of his. Amar's father invites Shekhar to go to Taran's house for Taran's sister, Manpreet's birthday. There Shekhar meets Taran's sisters Manpreet (Meher Vij), Gurpreet (Sonia Balani) and Navjot (Jaipreet Singh), Manpreet's boyfriend. He also gets to know Taran better and discovers she wants to open up her own patisserie. He also finds out that Taran is depressed because she still hasn't gotten over the death of Amar. When he asks her why she loved Amar, she tells him that she doesn't have a reason, because 'love doesn't need to be reasonable, it;s just felt'. Shekhar, who has recently sold his company for 30 million pounds, decides to help Taran start up her own patisserie. He also helps Taran get out of her depression and re-discover the happiness in her life. During this time he also develops a friendship with both of Taran's sisters. Shekhar eventually falls in love with Taran, and after a while she realises she also has feelings for him. This results in the two of them sharing a kiss.
However, shortly after it is revealed that Amar was in a coma for the last eight months. The doctors were unable to identify him, which is why they weren't able to contact Amar's family earlier. After waking up, Amar returns home to his family. Shekhar decides to distance himself from the family and from Taran. Eventually, Taran realises that she still has feelings for Shekhar and that she has to tell Amar the truth about what happened when he was in a coma. She breaks up with Amar and, with Amar's blessing, starts dating Shekhar. Amar and Taran decide to stay close friends. However, while Amar pretends to be okay with Taran dating Shekhar, he's very hurt and miserable without Taran. Amar tells Shekhar to give him some time to adjust to this new situation.
Shekhar notices that Amar and Taran are still very close and, even though Taran is dating him, Shekhar feels that she still misses Amar. When Shekhar asks Taran why she choose him over Amar, she replies that 'it was the right thing to do' and that she couldn't leave Shekhar after everything he had done for her and her patisserie. After Taran runs off to once again help Amar, Shekhar gets angry. He gets drunk, switches off his phone and doesn't talk to Taran for four days. Taran and her sisters get very worried. On the fourth day Shekhar goes to Taran's house, once again drunk, tells her that he doesn't love her anymore and leaves. He later calls her and tells her he's leaving the country. When Taran, Amar and Amar's father go to Shekhar's house to search for him, Amar sees the same sweatshirt the biker he almost hit on the mountain, was also wearing. Amar figures out that Shekhar was the man on the bike who almost hit him. Amar's father then reveals that he actually knew this all along: Shekhar is not his good friend's son. Amar's father actually met Shekhar when he came to his house eight months ago, shortly after Amar went missing. Shekhar told him all about the incident, and how he felt guilty about it. Amar's father forgave him and Shekhar started visiting Amar's father regularly. Amar's father started seeing Shekhar as a son, which is why he introduced Shekhar to his family and to Taran.
Amar and Taran hurry to the airport where Shekhar is about to board a plane. Taran stops him and tearfully asks him why he is leaving her. Shekhar tells her that, while he does really love her, he knows she doesn't love him as much as she loves Amar. She couldn't get over Amar for 8 months while she has only known Shekhar for a couple of weeks. Shekhar tells her that he knows she's only dating him because she feels like 'it isn't right' to leave him for Amar. However, he reminds her that 'love doesn't need to be reasonable and responsible'. She should just follow her heart and be with the one she loves the most, which is Amar. He asks Taran to deny it, but she can't: everything that Shekhar said is true. Shekhar hugs both Taran and Amar and leaves tearfully, reuniting Amar and Taran.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story continues with DCP Yashwardhan (John Abraham), a strong and no-nonsense police officer who takes down criminals while still feeling the pain of losing his wife Maya (Genelia D'Souza) five years ago. One day, a novel is mailed to him by his best friend, Harish, a R.A.W. agent. Yash disregards it, but then learns that three R.A.W. agents were murdered, one of them being Harish.
Shocked, Yash takes a second look at the book, in which Harish has included a clue, indicating that a "spy" is in the Budapest embassy, leaking information about RAW agents as a plan to destroy them. When Harish is branded a traitor to India as per RAW protocol, Yash decides to clear his friend's name. He relates the clue to R.A.W. head Anjan, who teams him up with Kamaljeet Kaur (Sonakshi Sinha). The two butt heads but decide to stay out of the other's way on their mission in Budapest. They reach a safe house that Yash realizes is a trap: he escapes with KK right before the house explodes. Yash suspects Shiv Sharma (Tahir Raj Bhasin) to be the mastermind who is providing locations of Indian RAW agents to Chinese spies. KK realizes that Yash is right, and confronts Shiv at his house, but is knocked out. Shiv flees, and after a chase, is caught and arrested.
Yash and KK must bring him to India alive but constantly have to fend off Shiv's men at every turn, at a loss on how his men are finding them. When they try to move Shiv to India via helicopter, he is shot by a Chinese spy and rushed to the hospital. Yash quickly realizes that this was simply a ploy for escape: Shiv is indeed alive. He calls Yash to taunt him, and tells him to check KK's watch. Yash does so, finding a tracking chip that Shiv placed in it when she was knocked out. This was how Shiv's men kept hunting them down. Yash defends KK when Anjan questions her about the chip, explaining that he trusts her, and the two start to get along.
Yash and KK get Shiv's location from an informer, club dancer Martinez, but fail to catch him. Shiv gets two more RAW agents killed, and Yash and KK realize Martinez is actually working for Shiv. Yash finds a clue in Shiv's old apartment, and discovers that the real Shiv Sharma has been dead for ten years: Shiv is using a fake identity. His real name is Rudra Pratap Singh, son of former RAW agent Karan Pratap Singh, who had been working for RAW for thirty years before he was killed. As a result, Rudra's father was disowned from RAW and branded a traitor by Cabinet Minister Brijesh Yadav. Unable to bear this, Rudra's mother committed suicide. Yash realizes that Rudra's target is not RAW but Brijesh.
In the summit meeting, KK shoots Brijesh as a decoy so that Rudra's man is unable to kill him. Rudra goes after the wounded Brijesh, killing all of his guards. He reveals his plan to kill seventeen Indian RAW agents stationed in Hong Kong. Yash shoots Rudra, but then turns the gun on Brijesh, forcing him to remove the "traitor" label from all deceased RAW agents, acknowledge their actions, and compensate their families. Hearing this, Rudra dies in peace. Brijesh clears the names of the RAW agents in an interview, including Yash's best friend and Rudra's father. Yash then sees a vision of Maya, who congratulates him and hints that KK is a nice match for him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is set in Mumbai and Goa. Kaira is a promising cinematographer who wishes to direct her own films. Blunt and cynical, she is most comfortable when with her three best friends, Fatima, Jackie and Ganju. Kaira's life takes a downturn when Raghuvendra, a film producer for whom she breaks up with her childhood sweetheart, gets engaged to someone else. Her landlord turns her out of her apartment because the building association wants to rent apartments only to married couples. All this plus dissatisfaction with her prospects at work serves as a catalyst for her shift to Goa, where she now has to grudgingly live with her parents with whom she has some issues. She ends up spending many sleepless nights in unhappiness and uncertainty.
While in Goa, she seeks out Dr. Jehangir "Jug" Khan, a psychologist, for her insomnia, after inadvertently having heard him talk at a Mental Health Awareness Conference. She warms to Jug's unconventional methods, trying to use them to understand herself. Meanwhile, she meets a musician, Rumi, and she falls in love with him, but they break up before anything serious can happen when she realizes they may not be the right fit for each other. She also reunites with her younger brother, Kiddo, who is the only other person besides her best friends that she is closest to. Matters with her family come to a head when Kaira has an outburst at a family get-together where she confronts her parents about them abandoning her for years at her grandparents' house.
She finally narrates the story of her abandonment to Jug, who tells her that she fears abandonment so much that she doesn't allow herself to commit in relationships, leaving before they can leave her. He convinces her that she doesn't need to forgive her parents for abandoning her, but she can, as an adult, see them as two regular people who made a mistake. After this, Kaira makes an effort to reconcile with her parents and also works to finish her short film.
At their last session, Kaira admits to Jug that she has grown to like him. Jug responds that it is normal for a patient to feel this way about his/her therapist and while he likes her too, she is still his patient and he, her psychologist, and a relationship would not be possible. The two share a hug before Kaira leaves.
The movie ends with a viewing of Kaira's short film and a beach sequence thereafter which signifies she has learnt to love life and has matured post her therapy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shirin (Sonarika Bhadoria) is a singer at one of the best clubs in Mauritius. Her beauty invariably gets a lot of visitors interested in her. However Shirin never meets anyone and rather mysteriously disappears every night as soon as her performance is over. Even being close to her is horrifying.
That's when the hero Abhay (Rajneesh Duggal) enters the story. Having come to Mauritius for business purposes, he happens to land up at the same club and falls for Shirin right away. Shirin ignores Abhay, but he refuses to give up. He makes up his mind to find what is actually keeping her away. And that's when he stumbles upon a secret that Shirin has. Abhay is not deterred. He swears to find a way for them to be together come what may.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vidya Sinha (Vidya Balan) is a middle-class working mother who lives in Chandan Nagar, West Bengal with her teenage daughter Minnie (Tunisha Sharma), who is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair. However, Minnie is a happy child and Vidya dotes on her, working hard to save money so that she can take Minnie to America in the hope that the girl will walk again.
One day, Vidya returns home in the evening, to find her daughter is missing. Vidya then receives a call from an unknown man asking her to come to an address if she does not want to see Mini dead. When she attempts to cross the road, a taxi knocks her down, sending her into a coma. She is admitted by the taxi-driver into a local nursing home of Dr. Maity (Pradip Mukherjee). A sub-inspector, Inderjeet Singh (Arjun Rampal) is put on Vidya's case, who is married to Rashmi (Manini Chadha) and has a little daughter. He visits Vidya's home and finds her diary, which he takes in his custody. Inderjeet's senior, Pranab Halder (Kharaj Mukherjee), informs him that Durga is wanted for a kidnapping and murder case.
As Inderjeet starts reading Durga's diary, her past is revealed. She worked as a clerk in a school in Kalimpong as Durga Rani Singh. She is friendly with Arun (Tota Roychoudhury) and it's obvious that Arun has feelings for her. At school, she noticed that a student named Minnie Dewan (Naisha Khanna) was always punished for sleeping during classes. When after repeated attempts at befriending reclusive Minnie fail, Durga decides to visit Minnie's grandmother (Amba Sanyal), pretending to be a teacher. Durga's worst fears come true when Minnie confides that her uncle Mohit Dewan (Jugal Hansraj) was sexually abusing her. It is now clear from Durga's diary that she was also a survivor of child sex abuse and she informs Minnie's grandmother but she admonishes her. Durga tries to file a case with the police but the policewoman (Gargi Bharadwaj), taking the side of Minnie's grandmother, thrashes and threatens Durga from pursuing further. Minnie jumps off the terrace in desperation and becomes paralyzed waist down. Durga decides to save Minnie from her family and has a fight with her grandmother, who gets killed accidentally in the incident. Durga flees with Minnie, settling in Chandan Nagar, with a new name, Vidya Sinha. But Mohit hunts them down and gets Minnie kidnapped with the help of the police woman.
The story then comes back to the present time. The kidnapper policewoman comes to the nursing home and threatens Vidya to pay ransom to save Minnie, who has been kidnapped by Mohit and her. Terrified Vidya escapes from the hospital after recovering from coma and goes back to home in search of the address that the kidnapper had asked her to come to. She is caught by Halder and Inderjeet at her home. However, she is successful in escaping from there, as she shoots Inderjeet in his right arm. Vidya then arrives at Kolkata, where she goes to docks area as asked by Mohit. Here Vidya offers the money withdrawn from her account to pay ransom to the kidnapper woman. Mohit shoots her dead when he finds her attracted to get the ransom offered. He then tries to strangulate Vidya, but is shot dead by the same revolver by Minnie. Vidya then calls Inderjeet to seek his help, but Haldar and other police officer ask Inderjeet to call her to a place where they can arrest her. Inderjeet asks Vidya to come to his paternal house, where they are surrounded by the police force. Halder tries to come near to Vidya, but she shoots him on his leg. Later, she pours kerosene oil and leaks the gas from cylinder in order to blast the house.
It is finally revealed that Vidya's real name is Durga Rani Singh and she was married to Inderjeet Singh at a very young age, but got separated later. Durga after recovering from coma asked Inderjeet for his help and they planned her escape. It was Inderjeet, who helped Durga in arranging the real passports for Vidya and her adopted daughter. He helped her in escaping to Kolkata in the police Ambassador car, inside the car trunk. Finally, he helped her from escaping from the house which got blasted.
It is seen that Durga is alive, (who is believed to be dead by the police) and is traveling to New York City for Minnie's operation. Inderjeet is seen happily driving with his family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in Paris, Befikre begins with a nasty fight between Dharam (Ranveer Singh) and Shyra (Vaani Kapoor), which leads to a sudden break-up; Shyra leaves Dharam, and goes to her parent’s house, asking them to let her in without any questions about Dharam. Dharam hails from Karol Bagh, New Delhi, and is a stand-up comedian working in his friend, Mehra’s (Aru Krishansh Verma) doomed restaurant, where he mocks people in relationships and single bachelors.
The film travels back in time when Dharam came to the French capital in search of work and adventure. To his surprise, he shares his room with a girl who is a lesbian. Mehra takes him to a party where he meets and hooks up with the fun-loving Shyra, a tourist guide, who is an Indian by origin and French by nature. He later asks Shyra out on a date when she dares him to slap a police officer. Thereafter, they keep giving crazy dares to each other.
In the present, Dharam mocks his broken relationship at the same restaurant. The two keep meeting accidentally, showing that they still haven’t gotten over each other. In another flashback, they decide to enter a live-in relationship and Dharam meets Shyra’s parents, who are chefs in their own restaurant. After many misunderstandings and fights, Shyra moves out and shifts with her family. They celebrate their breakup anniversary on the famous Love Padlock Bridge and swear never to fall in love with each other.
Now, Shyra starts dating Aney(Arrmaan Ralhan), an investment banker whereas Dharam starts dating Christine(Julie Ordon),a French girl. Aney proposes Shyra to marry him wherein Shyra accepts the proposal. So, Dharam and Shyra both remain good friends until one day, when they get into a heated discussion and become rivals. Soon, Dharam and Christine both decide to marry each other.
Knowing that both Dharam and Shyra are going to marry different people they still are emotionally attached to each other. They do a face-off dance at the ‘Sangeet' ceremony, which leads to their reconciliation as friends. Dharam secretly tells Shyra that he is not ready for marriage and also wants to stop it. During the conversation both start developing love for each other.
On the wedding day, Dharam however manages to stop the wedding and tells Shyra that he truly loves and can't be a friend of her anymore. Eventually Dharam and Shyra run away from their wedding ceremony.
The film ends with the marriage of Dharam and Shyra.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts by showing a lodge where a policeman is having sex with a young girl and then goes out to meet the girl's boyfriend. The policeman blackmailed the couple because he caught them with drugs and the girl made a deal with him to have sex in exchange for dropping all charges. After the policeman leaves, he gets into an accident. When he regains his consciousness, he finds himself chained where, a computer genius hacks a T.V. channel owned by Rahul Oberoi (Rajneesh Duggal) and broadcasts the live murder of a police officer called Ramesh Sarniak. The Assistant Commissioner of Police, Inspector Kabir Deshmukh, interrogates Rahul Oberoi wherein Sia (Sana Khan), a lawyer, tries to defend his case. Sia has her boyfriend Ranveer (Gurmeet Choudhary) as the prosecution lawyer.
During the investigation, Kabir Deshmukh considers Karan Parekh (Himmanshoo A. Malhotra), Rahul's old business partner, to be the suspect. Inspector Deshmukh tracks Karan's location in a hotel and goes to catch him. Upon reaching the hotel, he discovers that Karan is missing and is also being murdered on live television. Later, Inspector Deshmukh finds out that Rahul and Karan were involved in raping a girl named Rajni (Prarthana Behere), an employee in Rahul's company. Inspector Deshmukh reaveals this to Ranveer and Sia wherein Ranveer speaks out about the fact that an old man had saved Rajni from being raped and filed a complaint against Rahul and Karan. At that time, Rahul and Karan were prosecuted by Ranveer in the court. However, Ranveer lost the case as the old man had died in a fire explosion in his house and was the only witness for that case.
Now, it is clear that Rahul was not involved in any of the murders. Eventually, the police consider Rajni to be the suspect. Rahul now decides to flee India, but is not allowed to leave because his sugar level drastically increases. In no time, the police get to know that Rajni has gone missing and learn that Mac, Rajni's boyfriend who is also an employee in Rahul's company, is involved in the murders.
As Inspector Deshmukh comes to know that Rahul is to be hospitalized, he goes in search of Mac to save Rahul from being killed. Inspector Deshmukh runs behind that ambulance and learns that Rahul is missing. Mac takes Rahul to the same place where the police officer, Ramesh Sarniak, and Karan Parekh had been killed. Rahul finds himself tied and gets shocked when he sees Sia there. Sia reveals to Rahul that she is the one who killed the officer Sarnaik and Karan. It is further revealed by Sia that the old man who helped Rajni didn't die in an explosion but was murdered by Rahul, Karan, and the officer Sarnaik. Sia further reveals that the old man who was killed was Sia's father. Sia then attempts to kill Rahul by increasing his sugar level. During the process, Rahul reveals to Sia that it was of no use to kill them as the real killer is still alive. Rahul tells her that Ranveer was bribed by Rahul and Karan to save them and also planned the murder.
Thus, Rahul dies and, heartbroken, Sia leaves from there. Soon, Inspector Deshmukh comes to know that Sia is the killer. Sia takes Ranveer to the same place where the murders were committed and reveals to him the truth and also tells him to admit his crime. Knowing this, Ranveer refuses to do so but is being tricked by Sia as she had called the police and the whole statement was recorded and traced during her call.
This leads to a fight between them in which Inspector Deshmukh arrives and fights with Ranveer. During the fight, Sia takes a gun and shoots at Ranveer, killing him.
In the end, it is shown that Inspector Deshmukh forgives Sia for her crime and also leaves his job.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mahavir Singh Phogat is an amateur wrestler who was forced to give up wrestling in order to obtain gainful employment. He was unable to win a gold medal for India and vows that his son will. He is disappointed when his wife gives birth to four daughters. He gives up his dream thinking that girls cannot wrestle and should only be taught household chores. But when his older daughters, Geeta and Babita, come home after beating up two boys in response to derogatory comments, Mahavir Singh realises his daughters have the potential to become wrestlers.
Mahavir begins coaching Geeta and Babita in wrestling. His methods seem harsh, including grueling early morning workouts and short haircuts to avoid lice. Initially, the girls resent their father for his treatment but they soon realise that their father wants them to have a future and not grow up to be stereotypical housewives. The girls become motivated and willingly participate in Mahavir's coaching. Mahavir takes the girls to wrestling tournaments. Geeta and Babita wrestle boys and defeat them, much to everyone's utter surprise. Geeta eventually wins the Junior Nationals and goes to an institute in Patiala for further training so that she can participate in the Commonwealth Games.
Geeta makes friends at the institute and begins to disregard the rigour and discipline she has been brought up with. She regularly watches TV, eats street food, and grows her hair longer. Her coach's training differs significantly from her father's techniques. Geeta believes her coach's techniques are better and that Mahavir's techniques are outdated. On a visit home, she is determined to show her father she can wrestle well without his techniques. This leads to a ferocious bout between Geeta and Mahavir. Mahavir loses against Geeta due to his age. Babita tells Geeta that she shouldn't forget her father's techniques and reminds her that it is because of their father that she is where she is now.
Babita soon follows Geeta to the institute. Geeta finds herself losing every match as she wasn't following her father's techniques and had lost the singular focus she initially had (painting her nails and growing her hair long). Realising her error, and coaxed by Babita, Geeta tearfully makes peace with her father. Mahavir comes to Patiala with the girls' cousin (their former sparring partner) and begins coaching Geeta and Babita secretly, using the same methods as when they were younger. Their coach comes to know about this and is furious with Mahavir's interference and wants to expel them both from the institution, but a deal is struck to allow them to continue as long as Mahavir does not enter the institution or train them elsewhere. Determined to continue assisting his daughters, Mahavir obtains tapes of Geeta's previous unsuccessful bouts and coaches her by pointing out her errors over the phone.
During Geeta's bouts in the Commonwealth Games, Mahavir constantly contradicts her coach's instructions while sitting in the audience. Geeta disregards her coach and follows her father's instructions and wins every bout. Just before the final bout, Geeta's jealous coach conspires to lock Mahavir in a closet far away from the arena. Due to her father's absence, Geeta starts lagging behind in the bout where she manages to win the first round but loses the second. It's the final round and the score is 4-1 where Geeta is down. In the final seconds of the round, Geeta becomes desperate to win points but loses another instead. Now, the score is 5-1. Only a quarter of the final minute is left, and now, Geeta starts recalling her father's teachings. She recalls her father talking about a 5-pointer suplex back manoeuvre when she was young. Mahavir said that the suplex is difficult but can be applied. She also recalls her father saying that one has to play with the opponent's mind. Mahavir said that one has to show something and do something else. Combining these two teachings, Geeta executes a suplex on her opponent in the final 3 seconds, leading to a score of 6-5 (Geeta being up) and becomes the first Indian female wrestler to win gold. Mahavir returns just in time to embrace his daughters, frustrating the coach's hopes of obtaining credit before the news media.
The end credits reveal that Babita also won a silver medal in wrestling at the Commonwealth Games in 2014, Geeta became the first Indian female wrestler to qualify for the Olympics and Mahavir's efforts inspired dozens of Indian women to participate in wrestling.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Paramvir Singh (Sunny Deol) is a Non-resident Indian (NRI) living happily with his Canadian wife Mary (Emma Brown Garett) along with his two kids Karam and Veer and his mother (Nafisa Ali) in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Years ago, after the birth of Paramvir's younger brother Gajodhar, Paramvir's father, Dharam Singh (Dharmendra) had run away from home and took Gajodhar with him, due to difficulties with the family. Back in reality, a Canadian comes to visit Paramvir at his home, where he sees Dharam Singh's photo. The Canadian recognises Dharam as a thief who had robbed him when he went to tour in Banaras. Upon hearing this news, Paramvir's mother sends him to Banaras to find his father, and younger brother.
When Paramvir reaches Banaras, he meets a youngster who cons him off all his money. Seeking help, Paramvir lands up at a bar, where he sees both Dharam Singh, and his brother Gajodhar Singh (Bobby Deol), who has now grown up. Paramvir realises Gajodhar is in fact the youngster who had earlier conned him, and is disappointed to see both his father and brother are con-men. When Paramvir sees Dharam alone, he confronts him and tells him his identity. However, Dharam refuses to acknowledge him as his son. Soon, Paramvir saves Gajodhar from getting attacked by goons, to which Gajodhar befriends him and accepts him to their team, not knowing that he is his elder brother.
During this time, Gajodhar falls in love with Saheba (Kulraj Randhawa), a Punjabi author. Dharam and Paramvir help him woo her, and the two start an relationship. Soon enough, Saheba's tough brothers find out, and beat Gajodhar up, and take Saheba back to Punjab. When Dharam sees that Gajodhar is hopeless, he breaks out, and asks Paramvir to help, and acknowledges that he is his father but he shouldn't tell Gajodhar anything about that, after which Paramvir and Gajodhar move to Punjab to get back his love.
Saheba's elder brother Joginder Singh (Anupam Kher)who is a cruel land of his village and her other brothers want to marry her to an NRI. Upon hearing this, Paramvir disguises Gajodhar up to make him look like a Punjabi, and they both go to Saheba's house, with Gajodhar pretending to be an NRI named Karamveer.On the other hand Joginder has an arch-rival Minty(Puneet Issar) who wants to take Joginders place and doesn,t want Joginder to win in upcoming elections.Joginder, after meeting both of them, decides that they would marry their sister to Paramvir, not to Gajodhar. However, Paramvir is already married. One night, Paramvir gets drunk and beats up Saheba's brothers but that only managed to worsen the matter. So Paramvir tells Gajodhar to run away with Saheba one night.
While they are making their escape, Dharam shows up with a band of musicians thus preventing Gajodhar and Saheba from running away because Dharam thinks Gajodhar is the one getting married but Saheba's family has chosen Paramvir. Dharam tells Paramvir and Gajodhar that Paramvir should be the one running away. So Paramvir attempts to go to the market but Poli brings him back home causing Joginder to think that Gajodhar and Dharam are joking as they said Paramvir is scared of marriage but unbeknownst to Dharam and Gajodhar, he is right behind them.
Joginder decides to get Poli married to Gajodhar which Gajodhar confesses to Saheba that he does not want at all and they will escape that very night. Again, they fail as Paramvir's wife Mary shows up with Karam and Veer (Paramvir's sons). Paramvir, Gajodhar and Dharam make up the story that she is their neighbour in Canada and that her husband is also named Paramvir who went missing last year. Mary knows that Paramvir is in front of her but chooses not to say anything because it will ruin the whole plan.
Joginder somehow finds out what has been on all this while and gets his men to attack Paramvir, Gajodhar and Dharam. Paramvir and Dharam beat his men up until Minty and his men show up. As Minty is about the attack Joginder, Gajodhar rescues him hence earning approval to marry Saheba instead of Paramveer. In the end, Dharam, Gajodhar, Paramvir, Mary, Saheba, Karam and Veer go to Canada where they live as one happy family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Turning 30 is the story of the protagonist of the movie Naina (Gul Panag) who is about to celebrate her big three oh and life is a perfect picture with a good job and the perfect guy. However, things turn into a nightmare when her boyfriend breaks up with her to marry a girl who can finance his fathers failing business. She has some setbacks at work when the credit for all her ideas and hardwork goes to undeserving people. With few days left for her birthday she is in a mess - constantly trying to win the guy back. The movie also tells the stories of her two best friends Malini and Ruksana who stand by her and support her though they are going through some rough patches in their lives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mumbai Mast Kallander is about a kidnapping gone wrong. The attempt is to create confusion and humour out of it. Two brother Ram and Shyam, petty criminals aspiring for Don-like status. Their dreams bring them to Mumbai, where they are hired to work as henchmen for Bade Bhai and after kidnapping start confusion and more confusion.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arun (Aamir Khan), a reclusive artist, moves into a run-down flat in the older part of Mumbai. After attending an exhibition of his works, he meets Shai (Monica Dogra), an American banker who has come to Mumbai to devote time to her hobby, photography, and takes her back to his flat, where they have a one-night stand. The next morning, Arun expresses his disinterest in continuing the relationship and Shai angrily storms out.
Shortly after, Munna (Prateik Babbar), a dhobi (washerman) who dreams about getting a break in Bollywood, arrives to deliver Arun's laundry. Arun moves into a new apartment the next day. While unpacking, he finds a small container that had been left by the previous tenant of the apartment. In it, he finds a silver chain, a ring, and three video tapes (Pehli chitti, Doosri chitti and Aakhri chitti) by Yasmin Noor. The tapes turn out to be video diaries through which Yasmin communicates with her brother. In the tape, she is generally happy, and shows her apartment, which is the same one Arun is occupying now. The next morning, Arun is informed by his manager that art dealers, impressed with his art, have decided to open a gallery in Sydney featuring his works. Arun is pleased by this, as it would also give him a chance to visit his ex-wife and child, settled in Australia. He begins to work on a new painting.
When Munna delivers laundry to Shai's house, they meet and soon become friends. Munna agrees to show Shai around Mumbai and help her gather photographs about the occupations of the poor. In return, Shai agrees to shoot a portfolio of Munna to help him get into the film industry. Arun continues watching Yasmin's tapes and learns more about her life, including that she has recently married a man who seems distant. Shai obtains Arun's new address from Munna. Shai's father's construction company is constructing a building opposite Arun's apartment. Shai starts shooting photos of Arun from the construction site without Arun being aware of it.
Munna continues struggling to find work in films. To earn a living, he washes clothes by day and kills rats by night. He disapproves of his brother's criminal activity but they are close, and Munna's brother uses his underworld contacts to try to get Munna a break in the industry. In the meantime, Munna shows Shai the different facets of Mumbai, including the dhobi ghaat, where he works as a launderer. Munna develops feelings for Shai but is unable to express them, mostly because of his working-class status. One day, Arun spots Shai nearby and invites her to his house. He apologises about their first meeting. Munna sees them together and feels betrayed but Shai is able to convince him to keep helping her. One night, while Munna is at his rat-killing job, Shai sees him and takes pictures. Dismayed, Munna flees from her.
Arun watches the final video by Yasmin. Her tone has changed considerably since the previous tape, in which she revealed learning that her husband was in an extramarital affair. She strongly indicates that she intends to commit suicide. Shaken by the knowledge that Yasmin might have hanged herself in that very room, Arun flees the apartment and moves into a new one. Munna arrives home to find that his brother has been killed. He and his family relocate to a new flat and Munna visits his brother's contact in the film industry to show him his portfolio.
Arun studies the painting he has been working on, which is now complete. Yasmin is prominently featured along with other things she had left behind. Shortly after, Shai finds Munna and Munna again tries to flee her, but she catches up with him. She insists upon their friendship and asks about Arun's whereabouts. Still hurt, Munna lies to her and they exchange an abrupt farewell before Shai leaves. Moments later, Munna changes his mind and runs after Shai's car, weaving through the traffic. The film ends when Munna catches up to the car and gives Shai Arun's new address.
-----------------------------------------------------------
One night at the boys' hostel at Jaigarh University, a senior student Feroz (Mukesh Tiwari) and his goons harass freshman geek Vishnu Pandey (Subeer Goswamin), stripping him down, molesting him and forcing him to act like a dog. His cries for help fall on deaf ears. Karan (Vatsal Sheth), an engineering freshman, arrives at the hostel. He meets Vishnu, Nilesh (Ramesh Chandane) and Bobby (Nirmal Soni) and befriends them. That evening, Akshay, a gang leader, tries to extort money from him in front of dozens of senior males. When Karan refuses he is beaten and Akshay takes him to Feroz. Feroz asks Karan to drink a glass of his urine and throws it at Karan's face when he refuses.
Vishnu tells Karan Feroz has deliberately been unsuccessful in his exams so that he can continue to live in luxury in the hostel and has become the general secretary by intimidating the students. He is politically well-connected, and is expected to stand for local elections within a few years. Karan is refused help by the corrupt hostel warden, Sharad Saxena, who is loyal to Feroz and Karan is beaten even more in his presence.
Feroz and his goons later ask Karan to do a striptease. When he refuses, they drag him out to the field, strip him naked in front of everyone and mock him. He is helped by Vishnu, Nilesh and Bobby. At the library, Karan breaks down crying as he recalls his humiliation. Science student Payal (Tulip Joshi) asks if he's okay and they become friends. Feroz's sadistic activities escalate and he starts selling drugs to students. Meanwhile, Karan and Payal fall in love.
Once, when Karan is with Payal, Karan is called by one of the goons for ragging. Karan refuses, so Akshay comes to him with a mini-gang of five. They instigate Karan by trying to harass Payal. Karan retaliates and ends up beating them all, particularly Akshay. Feroz asks Akshay to take help from a gangster of his contact. When the gangster arrives with his goons Karan explains and convinces him that Feroz is using them. The gangster then tells Karan to contact him if he needs help. After this damage caused to his reputation by Akshay, Feroz expels Akshay from the gang and threatens him to leave the hostel within 24 hours. Feroz offers Karan Akshay's place but is declined. He tells Karan that they will no longer bother him as long as he minds his own business. Over the year he and his goons continue to torture freshmen. Some bear it without resistance while some leave.
After a year, a naïve and weak new freshman, Pawan (Vinamra) arrives. In his room, he finds the goons, with Vishnu, Nilesh and Bobby, who have been corrupted by Feroz and are now part of his gang. They now believe that ragging results in manhood and this strains their relationship with Karan who befriends Pawan. One night, Feroz brings a prostitute to the hostel and asks Pawan to have unprotected sex with her to be witnessed by the entire gang and the warden. Karan interferes, saving Pawan although he takes a beating from Feroz. He is advised by Vishnu, Nilesh and Bobby to mind his business but he ignores them. Later he helps Pawan study for an exam while Feroz and his gang watch porn. When Karan leaves, Feroz and the gang, intoxicated and aroused, enter Pawan's room and rape him.
A traumatized and pant less Pawan hangs himself from the ceiling fan with blood dripping down his legs, suggesting he was sodomized. The reluctant dean, under pressure from the trustees, blames the suicide on Pawan's psychological problems. Feroz warns Karan not to go to the press or he will rape Payal like he raped Pawan. Karan breaks up with Payal and sends her away to protect her. Later Karan procures a gun presumably from the gangster. That night, Karan locks all the hostel gates, goes to Feroz's room and shoots Vishnu, Bobby, Nilesh and the warden three times each. He gets into a fight with Feroz and his goons although he takes a vicious beating. Once he is holding the upper hand, despite the dean pleading with him not to kill Feroz as it will ruin his life, he shoots Feroz nine times, and ends the gang's reign of terror over the hostel.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arun (Irrfan Khan) is a Chartered Accountant who works for Mr. Mehta (Saurabh Shukla) and helps him run his illegal business. Arun is in love with Priti (Chitrangada Singh), but she falls for Shyam (Vipul Gupta), who was introduced to her by Arun.
After Badey, a gangster of Delhi (Yashpal Sharma), falls out of favour of Minister Verma (Anil Sharma), he is sent to jail and humiliated and beaten everyday on orders of the Minister. Satbir (Sushant Singh) is a dishonest cop who works for Badey and helps him in the jail. Kuldeep (Arunoday Singh), who is also in jail with Badey is released and goes to his wife Shanti (Aditi Rao Hydari). Badey's brother, Chhotey (Prashant Narayanan) and his gang of members, Kuldeep, Tony, Chacha, Guddu and others plan Badey's release by kidnapping Verma's to be son-in-law, Shyam and daughter, Anjali (Madhvi Singh). Things do not go as planned and they end up kidnapping Shyam and his girlfriend Priti. To ensure Shyam's safety, Priti agrees to liaise between Verma and the gangsters, not knowing that Arun had been following them since the abduction. She meets Anjali, Verma and Shyam's father Singhania (Nasser Abdullah). However, Mr. Verma, who comes to know about Shyam's affair with Priti refuses to negotiate Badey's release. Arun, in the meantime, transfers illegal and hawala money into the bank accounts of Verma's son and threatens him with leaking this information to media if he does not ensure Badey's release. However, it comes to light that Chhotey wants to get Badey out only to get details of his bank accounts and plans to kill him. Learning of this, Badey gives the details of his foreign bank accounts to Kuldeep.
Upon being rescued from the prison, Chhotey unexpectedly comes from Georgia and meets Badey. In the meantime, police reach the spot and in the cross fire, Badey escapes from Chhotey and is helped by Kuldeep and his gang. However, he gets shot in the back and later commits suicide. With Badey dead and Chhotey looking for him, Kuldeep decides to leave the country and asks Shyam's father for a ransom of ₹ 15 crores. Priti, under the guise of calling Mr. Singhania, calls Arun. Arun reaches the spot and tells Priti that he transferred ₹ 170 million into her account which should be used by her to free Shyam and herself and live a happy life. Priti, now realizes that she actually loves Arun.
Priti brings the money to a port from where Kuldeep plans to escape. Chhotey also reaches there, but Satbir double crosses him and Kuldeep kills Chhotey to avenge the murder of his father. However, one of the bullets hits a railing and ricochets and hits Arun. The gangsters leave the spot and Priti confesses to Arun that she loves him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie is about Parghat Singh Kahlon alias Gattu / Kaali (Akshay Kumar) who is living the life his father Gurtej Singh Kahlon (Rishi Kapoor) chose for him. Gattu had been good at cricket and wanted to play for England though his dad would never let him become a member of the England team. His dad had told him if he played he would commit suicide. His siblings hated him as he was an exemplary in the house. He was always alone until Zeeshan and Simran (Anushka Sharma) come into his life.
In the present day, Gattu gets another chance to fulfil his dream and Simran and his siblings convince him to give it a shot. If he gets on the team, their father might be able to realise that the world isn't as racist as it used to be. As he gets on the team, they hide the fact that Gattu is on the team but their father eventually finds out. Seeing his son on a team he despises gives him a heart attack and he ends up in the Emergency Room. Gattu plays cricket anyway for his siblings. He is deeply hurt to be disgraced by his father but he also loves cricket and hopes to change his father.
The people of Southall all come together and try to convince Gurtej that it is okay to be a cricket player for England. He locks himself inside the house where his wife tells him that she has never acted as a mother, only as a wife and often forgot she was both. She turns on the T.V. wanting to see her son fulfil his dream. Gurtej watches with her and realises how badly he had treated his son. The family comes back in the house and Gurtej requests for one of them to drive him to the stadium. Gattu is playing poorly because he is so upset that his father disgraced him. Only at the last ball of the game, Gattu manages to win the championship for England. His father compares his bowling to Late Lala Amarnath. His father apologises to him and Gattu's siblings are now able to follow their dreams.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Abhay is a careless, high on life boy who lives with his mother, brother and sister in law. One day while riding his motorbike, he bangs into an old man who dies on the spot and abhay is sentenced to a 2-years jail. When he is released from the imprisonment, he goes to his home only to find out that his brother had sold the house and shifted somewhere else. He goes to a restaurant and after he is finished with his meal, he realizes that he has no money and gives his brother's number to the owner but that number is unavailable and the owner hands him over to the police. His brother finally shows up after a few hours and takes him to their new home. Abhay slowly realizes that everyone is angry with him and they are more than happy without him. Even his friends do not want to reunite with him as he had been jailed for two years.The next day he goes to man's residence who died due in the accident. There he meets his daughter, Sonal who is both physically and mentally challenged due to some trauma 5 years back. He tries to befriend her and leaves his number on the dressing mirror. Sonal's brother and sister in law got a flat as the compensation of her disease but left her to their own house in a chawl. They have left her along with a maid called Marry. Abhay joins his brothers garage and starts helping a fellow mechanic named Vihsal. And he also develops a feeling of affection for Sonal. He takes her to a charitable hospital and finds out about her disease and she can recover from it only by doing exercises and getting emotional support and motivation. Abhay tries his best to help her recover and falls for her. On sonal's birthday eve, he confesses his love and they both start making which is witnessed by sonal's family and they accuse him of raping their physically challenged sister. Abhay is sentenced to 7 years imprisonment. Now the only way to get abhay out of the jail is sonal herself telling police the truth.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Cyrus (Ishaan Manhaas) is a college swim champ who has difficulty in setting his future. He aspires to becoming a writer, but as his father (Kamal Malik) wishes him to take his swimming skills to a national level, Cyrus hides his aspirations so as not disappoint his dad. Though popular in college, he feels out of place and seeks someone who can really understand him.
When a child, April (Ankita Shrivastava) lived an idyllic lifestyle with her widowed restaurant-owner father (Amit Dhamija). He remarries Mona (Sharmila Joshi), who herself has two daughters, Saniya (Shubhi Ahuja) and Taniya (Priti Gandwani). Soon after the marriage, April's father passes away, and her stepmother and step sisters begin to treat her like a servant. Years later, and even while burdened by domestic duties, April manages to attend college and keep a part-time job to earn pocket money. Her only confidant is her childhood friend Raj (Dheeraj Miglani).
Cyrus and April meet anonymously online, becoming close without revealing their real-world identities. When they finally decide for a real-world meeting, April is able to discover Cyrus' true identity beforehand, but he does not know hers. Feeling that he is too good for her, April avoids committing to a meeting. Cyrus, feeling he has finally found the one person who would understand him as both a friend and perhaps love, seeks her everywhere.
With Raj's help, April attends the college's Christmas costume party in a masked Cinderella costume where she recognizes Cyrus as her secret admirer, although her mask prevents him from recognizing her. Likewise, Raj manages to impress the "campus queen" Sonia. Unfortunately, Mona had forbidden April to attend the party, and so she is obliged to leave at midnight to prevent her stepmother from realizing she disobeyed her. In her haste, April loses one of her shoes on the staircase.
April is initially hesitant to reveal herself to Cyrus, and Sonia rejects Raj the next day when he reveals his identity to her. Saniya and Taniya find the emails between April and Cyrus. After a failed attempt to trick Cyrus into believing either of them is Cinderella, they give the emails to Sonia, claiming that April intentionally made up her Cinderella persona to steal Cyrus, who was her childhood friend, from her.
As Cyrus' birthday is coming up, Sonia arranges a party at the restaurant. In order to humiliate April, she reveals April's identity to the guests and tricks Cyrus into insulting her.
Later at the restaurant, Saniya and Taniya break a portrait of April's father and blame it on April. After Mona punishes her, April decides to leave her stepfamily once and for all. The other workers at the restaurant comes to her defense and quit their jobs in retaliation, and also allow April to live with them.
Before the next swimming competition, April confronts Cyrus about what had happened, and forgives him. Finally emboldened, Cyrus runs after April. Sonia, seeming to repent her previous cruelty, offers her blessing to Cyrus. Reuniting at the beach, Cyrus apologizes to April and returns her slipper, proposing marriage to her.
-----------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------
Manoj "Manu" Sharma (R. Madhavan) is an NRI doctor living in London. He comes to India to find an Indian bride and get married. His parents have already short-listed some girls for him to meet, and they take him to Kanpur to meet Tanuja "Tanu" Trivedi (Kangana Ranaut). After they land in Kanpur, a bunch of goons on the street pick a quarrel with Manu for no reason at all, and give him a few slaps, due to which he reaches the Trivedi residence in an untidy condition. At Tanu's house, the two sets of parents find that they get on extremely well with each other, and decide that if Manu likes Tanu, they can finalize the matter immediately. There is one minor hitch: Tanu's mother tells her guests that Tanu has been ill since yesterday and is unable to rise from bed. She asks Manu to go up to Tanu's bedroom and meet her there. She shows Manu to Tanu's room and goes away to the kitchen. Tanu is very unresponsive, and Manu initially thinks that she is shy and bashful. He soon realizes that Tanu is in fact fast asleep. He gazes upon her beautiful sleeping figure, and likes what he sees. He comes downstairs and tells both the families that he is willing to marry her.
Before making the engagement public, the families decide to go on a pilgrimage and seek the blessings of God. During the train journey, Tanu finds an opportunity to speak privately with Manu, and tells him that she had intentionally taken sleeping pills to fall asleep, to avoid meeting him. She tells him rudely that she loves someone else, and that she has her lover's name tattooed on her chest; she also tells him that the thugs who had roughed him up when he initially landed in Kanpur had been sent by her boyfriend. She demands that Manu should now reject her. Manu is extremely disappointed because he likes her immensely, and so do his parents, but he dutifully does the decent thing. Taking the blame upon himself, and not revealing to anyone the fact that the girl is having a love affair with another man, he tells his father to convey to Tanu's parents that after getting to know their daughter better, he has decided not to marry her. Tanu's parents are more than a little miffed at this turn of events, but since the forthcoming engagement was known only to them, there is no public loss of face.
Weeks pass, and Manu's parents bring out other proposals from their shortlist for him to meet. He meets several prospective girls from suitable families, but cannot forget Tanu. One of the girls he meets is Ayushi (Neha Kaul), who had lost both her parents while still a child, and whose brother Raja (Jimmy Shergill) is her guardian. Raja, himself only a teenager when their parents died, had taken care of Ayushi, never letting her suffer in any way. What exactly Raja does in order to support himself and his sister is a mystery. Unknown to anyone, he is a card-sharp and part of a group of small-time gangsters who accept "contracts" to perform various relatively minor crimes. He is also good-hearted, compassionate to the poor, loves his sister sincerely, and wants her to be married to a decent man and to settle down as wife and mother. After meeting Ayushi, Manu tells Raja that she is a very nice girl, but that he cannot in good conscience marry her, because he harbours one-sided love for some other girl. Raja commends him for his honesty and treats him with immense respect.
Manu and his friend Pappi (Deepak Dobriyal) travel to Punjab to attend the wedding of another school friend Jassi (Eijaz Khan). Upon arriving, Manu finds out that Tanu is present there, and that she is a friend of Payal (Swara Bhaskar), Jassi's bride-to-be. Over the next few days, Manu and Tanu strike up a friendship. Tanu tells Manu that she is on the verge of eloping, that she and her lover are going to get secretly married in a registry office, and then present her parents with a fait accompli. She asks him to be a witness to their wedding in the registry office. As they leave on a train back to Chandigarh, they meet Raja again, and after explaining to Raja how Manu is in love with someone, Raja states they will all go back to Kanpur and promises Manu he will marry him to any girl he falls in love with. As Manu and Pappi reach Jassi's "baraat", Manu receives a call from Raja, revealing that Raja is Tanu's boyfriend. Manu goes to the registrar's office, where Raja and Tanu are planning to elope, but they are not able to find a pen to sign the papers! Manu has a pen in his jacket, but lies and pretends that he does not have a pen, and the marriage is postponed for lack of a pen. Manu expresses shock that Raja, whom he had regarded as a decent man and dutiful brother, should be eloping in this way. Raja tells Manu that he does not want to be married in this stealthy way, but Tanu's family would never accept him, which is why they are eloping. He requests Manu to intercede with Tanu's family and persuade them to agree to her marrying Raja. Again, Manu does the decent thing. He talks to Tanu's father, and convinces him to accept Raja. Seeing that their daughter is adamant, and relieved that an elopement has been averted, Tanu's parents accepts the situation, albeit unwillingly.
Preparations for Tanu's wedding with Raja begin. Tanu accidentally sees the wedding gift that Manu is preparing for her. It is a large poster, a collage of numerous photographs of Tanu in her various moods and poses, which Manu had snapped on various occasions. He is investing the time and effort needed to painstakingly create this collage as a special wedding gift for her. Tanu is touched. Meanwhile, Raja does not have the time to buy Tanu a wedding sari, so he asks Manu to help him out. Manu hunts out a beautiful sari in the markets of the city and delivers it to Tanu. At this time, he tells Tanu how glad he is that she is getting married in a respectable manner, with the consent of parents, in the sight of God, dressed beautifully as a bride in that lovely sari. He confesses to Tanu that at the registry office, he did have a pen in his jacket, but did not want her to be married that way, and therefore he lied. At that precise moment, Raja appears, and takes Tanu away with him to meet some friends. As she walks away with Raja, Tanu has mixed feelings. She is also very conscious of how nervous and reluctant her parents are about her marrying Raja, how they have no connect with him at all, compared to how quickly they hit it off with Manu's parents and with Manu himself. That evening, after reaching home, she contacts Manu and asks him if he is in love with her. Manu gives her a truthful answer. After giving the matter some thought, Tanu decides to marry Manu, not Raja.
Tanu's parents are rejoiced and delighted with this turn of events. Her father makes all haste to approach Manu's parents and seek the alliance from them in the traditional manner. Manu's parents, who know nothing of recent events, are surprised to see Tanu's father at their door; after all, they had already refused him once, at the end of the disastrous pilgrimage. However, they had always liked Tanu and her family, and it was Manu who had refused to marry her. After a quick consultation with Manu, who indicates his acceptance, they duly consent to the alliance. By this time, Raja has been informed that Tanu does not wish to marry him. Furious, he storms into her house and threatens her father with dire consequences if Tanu is married to anyone other than him. Meanwhile, preparations for Tanu's wedding are continuing as usual. Tanu's father bribes an Inspector of Police as per the instruction of Pappi and Jassi, and gets Raja arrested on false charges. The plan is that Raja will remain in jail for a few days, during which time Tanu will be married and safely sent away. However, everyone is shocked to see that Raja is arriving in a wedding processional as promised, and arrives at the wedding venue at the same time as Manu, the bridegroom. Raja brandishes a gun and creates a scene. Manu however refuses to be scared and begins reasoning with Raja. Meanwhile, Tanu appears at the door, dressed as a bride, and tells she is not scared as well seeing Manu's courage and begins to walk slowly towards the altar. Raja aims the gun and almost pulls the trigger, but is not able to do it. He then reminds Manu of the promise he had made to him, and he decides to honour his promise, and tells Tanu he might be many things, but he is not a betrayer. And after seeing Tanu's love, Manu's courageousness and niceness, Raja realises that Manu is the right match for Tanu. He congratulates the couple with choked tears and tell the band to play the drums to proceed with the wedding.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Pappu (Siddhartha Sanghani), leader of a group of precocious kids, sets off to find a parachute for their visually impaired friend Kuhu. Pappu's parents, Chhotulal (Zakir Hussain) and Sumitra (Rupali Ganguly), worry for him but this is not the first time he has run away. However, the other parents are angry with Pappu for leading their kids astray.
When the five children overhear a man (Ashraf-ul-haq) mention buying a parachute, the kids follow him and his friends, but it turns out that the four men are terrorists planning an operation needing parachutes.
The police mistake the five kids as members of the terrorists and they are arrested. The investigating officer Rhino (Kay Kay Menon) gets nothing from the kids, so his commanding officer (Jackie Shroff) takes over.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arunima, the daughter of one of the biggest builders in town, has returned home after completing her studies. She is happy that she will now be living with her father Devinder Devilal Dua for good. Arunima lost her mother in a car accident when she was barely two.
Devinder is a gregarious man who loves his daughter and wants her to live as freely as possible.
Arunima chances upon a few things from the past and it is revealed that her mother's personality was very different from what her father narrates. She then meets an old friend of her mother, Diggy and a few people from the past who tell stories that point in the direction that her mother was not happy as long as she lived.
Arunima is left in doubt about what really is the past, especially when her father does not give a conclusive answer. To top it, Arunima starts to learn about newer shades of her father that she has never seen.
Arunima is torn between love for her father and the truth. But she is even more guilty as the needle of suspicion keeps pointing towards her own father. The shadow of doubt becomes a very difficult place to live under. So Arunima sets out on a journey to find the truth about her parents' past.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film traces the story of Monica Jaitley (Divya Dutta), who is an ambitious woman who wants to rise to the top at any cost. She has had a tormented life as a child as she was sexually abused in her chiildhood. Leaving her horrid past behind, she falls in love with journalist Raj Jaitley (Rajit Kapoor). They do get married; however have an unhappy married life. She becomes a journalist herself and this creates a rift between them. The story traces her rise to the top and the compromises she ends up making and its impact on her personal life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kabir Malhotra (Anupam Kher) is a billionaire tycoon who invites four people to his island home in Greece, by sending a different letter to each. The four people, who have never met before, are:
Neil Menon (Abhishek Bachchan), a drug lord in Turkey. He has financial problems with mob bosses that Kabir offers to help with.
Vikram Kapoor (Jimmy Shergill), an actor with drug and career problems. Kabir writes to him that he wants to finance the biggest film ever made, and offers Vikram a role in it.
OP Ramsay (Boman Irani), a political leader in Thailand. His campaign is under threat of scandal, and Kabir offers to provide new funding to him.
Tisha Khanna (Shahana Goswami), a crime journalist in the United Kingdom who is looking for her big break. Kabir writes to her saying that he has a huge story and invites her to cover it.
The four guests arrive on the island, where they are greeted by Kabir's personal assistant Samara Shroff (Gauhar Khan) who takes them into a dining room that is being secretly filmed. There, Kabir reveals that he has invited them because of their link to his daughter, Maya (Sarah-Jane Dias), whom Kabir has spent years trying to find. Maya was trafficked as a child by OP Ramsay, as an adult brought into the crime world by Neil Menon, and in the end killed in a car accident by Vikram Kapoor. Kabir has gathered evidence against the three of them and invited the International Vigilance Squad (IVS) to the island to arrest them. Tisha Khanna, the only innocent one of the group, was invited because, previously unknown to her, she is Maya's fraternal twin sister and Kabir's only remaining biological child. Tisha rejects Kabir's attempts to forge a relationship with her, claiming that she doesn't want his fortune.
Unable to escape the island, the group await the arrival of the IVS. In the morning, they hear what sounds like a gunshot from Kabir's room. They find Kabir Malhotra dead in his study, seemingly having committed suicide with a gun.
The IVS, led by Sia Agnihotri (Kangana Ranaut), arrive on the island. She watches the video of the previous night's speech by Kabir, but as they are unable to find the evidence that Kabir claimed to have, they let the guests go. The case is declared a suicide, but Sia puts all four guests under surveillance.
Through flashback, it is revealed that Neil was in love with Maya, who saved his life during a shootout at his casino. In the present day, Neil takes revenge on OP Ramsay and Vikram for what they did to her, tricking them into giving public confessions of their crimes. Vikram commits suicide, and OP Ramsay dies of a heart attack (his medication being stolen by Neil). Sia, who has been monitoring Vikram and OP Ramsay, knows that Neil is responsible.
It is revealed that Neil is also on the IVS. His real name is Arjun Singhania, and has been in deep cover for many years. He, too, doesn't believe that Kabir committed suicide, and works together with Sia to find the true culprit. Neil noticed that Kabir was left-handed, yet the gun that killed him was in his right hand.
Tisha, as Kabir Malhotra's only child, is to inherit Kabir's fortune, but Neil and Sia receive news that Tisha attempted suicide. When Tisha wakes up, she tells them that it wasn't suicide, but someone attacked her in her house. Meanwhile, Neil has found that Kabir has a brother, Iqbal, who is next in line to inherit his fortune. Sia and Neil travel to the missionary where Iqbal lives, but they find him too ill to speak to them. A nurse tells them that Iqbal had a daughter who died, but Neil notices that there are letters sent to him dated after her supposed to death, so she must still be alive.
Neil and Sia travel back to the island, where they confront the late Kabir's personal assistant, Samara. It is revealed that Samara is Iqbal's daughter and Kabir's biological niece, though Kabir never knew. Neil realised that there was foul play when, at the missionary, he saw a picture of Kabir and Iqbal when they were children, and they were identical twins, so the man in the missionary couldn't have been Kabir's brother. Iqbal reveals himself, explaining that he's been working with Samara to get Kabir's fortune. Tisha was a surprise they hadn't anticipated, so they had to take her out of the picture. They used Kabir's three guilty guests to deflect suspicion from Samara, predicting correctly that the police would suspect one of the guests as responsible for Kabir's murder.
Iqbal attempts to kill Neil and Sia, but Neil resists, which results in Iqbal being killed and Samara arrested.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around a group of friends, Ritesh (Jackky), Nanj (Angad), and Puja (Puja), who all received extremely bad marks in their exams. One of their close friends, Vishnu (Chandan) has passed with top marks under the pressure of his father and has enrolled into the top high school of India.
To make their parents happy and proud, the four friends create a fake university titled "Fakirchand and Lakirchand Trust University" (or F.A.L.T.U) with the help of Ritesh's childhood friend Google (Arshad Warsi). Things take a turn for the worse when the parents would like to see F.A.L.T.U. To make things go right, Ritesh and Google hire someone, Bajirao (Riteish), to act as the principal for one day. However, after the parents' visit, a bunch of kids apply for F.A.L.T.U thinking it is a real university. Unable to send them back, the trio, along with Vishnu, Google and Bajirao, turn F.A.L.T.U into an official trust university. Soon enough, the government files a case against every student/member of F.A.L.T.U for creating a fake college. Now the group of friends must fight for their rights, and keep F.A.L.T.U as a university to give the kids an education.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Delhi-based Arati Mishra believed her worst day was when she was divorced from her U.S.-based husband, Suresh, until she got the news that her Kolkata-based son, Siddhartha, had been killed in a traffic accident. She travels to Kolkata; is received at the airport by her son's co-worker, Sahana Choudhury, and accompanies her to the crematorium. After the cremation, she is then taken to the guest-house where her son used to live, and told that Siddhartha had been at a party, had not only consumed considerable alcohol but had also insisted on driving, and met with a fatal accident. The next day, she accompanies Sahana to her son's place of employment where she meets some of the staff and signs some documents, but ends up distressed when she is not permitted to take her son's belongings. Quite upset, blaming the office workers' for letting her son drive under the influence, she does not realize that she will be in for more shocks and surprises when she will find that her son had a secret life.Later she accuses arnob of seducing her son into this but realizes her son's love for him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raj (Bobby Deol), Yogi (Sunil Shetty) and Vikram (Irrfan Khan) are best friends and business partners who are married to Sanjana (Sonam Kapoor), Maya (Celina Jaitley), and Shivani (Rimi Sen), respectively. What their wives don't know is that their husbands cheat on them often with not one, but many women.
Yogi has already been caught by Maya after the latter hired her new-found friend Kishan (Akshay Kumar), a private detective, to check on Yogi. Now Yogi's status in the marriage is reduced to that of a butler at home. Yet Yogi still has aspirations for more hanky panky if the right opportunity comes along. Vikram, on the other hand, maintains a strict hand on his wife and treats her condescendingly most of the time.
Raj is in good shape, as Sanjana is quite gullible and suspects nothing. However, Sanjana finds out from Maya that the necklace that Raj had supposedly bought only for her actually was part of a buy one, get one free deal. Shivani, Maya, and Sanjana all get together to find the other, and Maya decides to hire Kishan to tail Raj.
Kishan has built his reputation as a man who saves marriages by getting erring husbands to mend their ways, and is also an expert in playing the flute. When he is first introduced to Sanjana, he seems to fall in love at first sight, or so it is made to appear at this point in the film. Initially a sceptical Sanjana rebukes Kishan's early attempts to prove that her husband is a lying cheat. This, however, only makes Kishan more determined.
Kishan first attempts to bring all the girlfriends of Raj, Vikram and Yogi to one party, at the same time when all the wives are there as well, to force a surprise face-off, thus exposing the cheating husbands. But Raj, with the help of Vikram and Yogi exclaiming them as the boyfriend, manages to lie his way out of the situation convincingly. Frustrated, but now even more determined, Kishan hatches a new plan, to break the friendship of the three men, by portraying Yogi as a traitor.
Raj and Vikram, initially embarrassed, now become suspicious that someone is helping their wives behind the scenes, to ruin their marriages. They decide at this point to seek professional help and look to hire a private detective to find out who it is. In a twist of fate, they end up at Kishan's office. However, Kishan pretends he has no idea who they are, and chooses to play a double game, agreeing to act as their detective while unknown to them being the very person working for their wives that they are looking for.
Kishan now records Yogi talking to Sanjana in a park, hires a voice-over artist, and dubs the tape with Yogi now appearing (in the voice over) as if he is pouring out Raj and Vikram's secrets to Sanjana. Kishan then shows this altered version to Raj and Vikram, making them to feel betrayed by Yogi. However, as fate has it, they get a chance for revenge right away when Yogi calls and confides in them that he is off to see Sweetie, one of his old girlfriends, who is set to be married next month.
Raj and Vikram are quick to reveal this information to Maya, as a result of which Yogi is caught red-handed by Maya, who goes ballistic at the site of Yogi in a hotel room with a girlfriend. Kishan also manages to humiliate Raj, catching him standing in his bathrobe outside an apartment building window ledge due to his girlfriend's husband unexpectedly showing up at the door inside. Kishan calls in the news channels and the police to get the stranded Raj broadcast live on TV. He then calls Sanjana, asking her to turn on the TV and see for herself what Raj is up to.
Caught red-handed, Raj asks Vikram for help, the later comes up with a ploy to make it appear that both Raj and Vikram are undercover police officers in real life. And as such, Raj was out on a mission when caught on camera and that the whole resulting "cheating husband outside window" scenario shown on TV was actually all a misunderstanding. The gullible Sanjana wholeheartedly believes the story, much to Kishan's frustration.
Kishan now hatches his own counter-plot and pretends to be the gangster don, King, who is supposedly out to kill Raj and Vikram, thinking they are indeed police officers. When Raj and Vikram come face to face with King, they quickly backtrack on their story of being undercover police officers. However, King (Kishan) is able to scare Raj and Vikram into being blindfolded and taken as his prisoners. He then has them admitting, unknowingly in front of Sanjana and Shivani, that the whole secret agent thing is a fabrication and they have many girlfriends with whom they cheat on their wives regularly.
Sanjana and Shivani become extremely upset upon hearing these confessions, the latter fainting on the spot and Sanjana attempting suicide soon thereafter. However, Kishan rescues her and convinces her to work with him in a plan that will restore her marriage. The first step is for him to pretend to be Sanjana's new lover. He has Yogi give Raj and Vikram the information that Sanjana is now dating another man and loves him. The trio reunite and try ways to find out who this person is, nearly coming close to doing so on some occasions. Kishan also pretends to be Shivani's brother and the latter has Vikram tricked into signing over all his property to herself under the ruse of a bank document. Thus, Vikram is thrown out of his own house by Shivani and her family. He next convinces the trio that the real King is the man Sanjana is having an affair with. Since King's wife suspects him of having an affair, the trio are convinced to go to her and tell her everything. Along with her, they storm King's house and Raj then beats up King (Mukesh Tiwari) after the latter's wife has done so. However, this is revealed to be a misunderstanding as the woman with King at the time is not Sanjana, but somebody else.
Completely out of options, Raj, Vikram and Yogi go to Kishan's office. While there, they accidentally figure out that Kishan is, in fact, the person behind all the troubles they are in with their wives. When Kishan arrives, they quickly surround him with the intent to harm him, when all of a sudden Sanjana walks in. She is quick to defend Kishan, who had earlier saved her from committing suicide. At this point Raj decides to divorce Sanjana, mistakenly assuming she is in love with Kishan.
Sometime later, with the divorce finalised, Raj, Vikram and Yogi are found drunk at a lake-side restaurant, when Kishan appears all of a sudden. He has with him some cards inviting the three over to a wedding. Raj assumes it is Kishan and Sanjana's wedding, and starts to chase Kishan. Since he is drunk, he keeps missing and Vikram then accidentally smashes a police officer. The three friends are then arrested, and put in jail. Where they reminisce about the tragedy that has befallen them. But the next morning, they are bailed out by the don King, much to their surprise.
Out of jail, and armed with a gun supplied by King, Raj, full of rage, heads straight for the wedding and straight away shoots Kishan, supposedly killing him on the spot. However, it turns out, the bullets were all fake blanks, planted by King in collaboration with Kishan himself. Kishan gets up and reveals that the wedding was actually supposed to be between Sanjana and the surprise groom, Raj himself, much to the embarrassment of Raj.
It becomes clear at this point that Kishan was never after Sanjana herself as has been made to appear throughout the film. But that Kishan did all this because he himself once had a wife (Vidya Balan), who committed suicide after finding out that Kishan was cheating on her. From that day on, Kishan decided to become a private detective going around saving marriages in crisis, like his own. After this emotional revelation, Raj, Yogi and Vikram promise to give up outside-relationships. All the couples get back together, Raj and Sanjana get remarried. At the reception, Sanjana's sister asks Sanjana's mother where he is, Sanajana's mother says that he has gone to rescue another marriage in crisis. It then shows Kishan walking in town, playing his flute.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Teen Thay Bhai is the story of 3 brothers separated for many years and reunited by their grandfather's will. The movie is a remake of The Darjeeling Limited.
The story starts with an introduction of three brothers. The eldest Chixie Gill (Om Puri), is a small-time shop owner with 3 obese daughters whom no one wants to marry and a nagging wife (whom he would like to send back to her parents house). He dreamed of opening a big cloth store in his younger days but their grandfather was not ready to sell their village land for the money needed. The middle brother, Happy Gill (Deepak Dobriyal) is a dentist who has only one diagnosis for any tooth ailment, shifting pain. As a result, he has no patients but a long line of creditors (whose teeth he has removed more than once). He wants to get rid of all his debts and open a big dry-cleaning shop. He was in love with Gurleen Kaur (Ragini Khanna) in his younger days when they got separated. The youngest, Fancy Gill (Shreyas Talpade) is an aspiring actor who wants to go Hollywood, but only gets roles in Punjabi cinema, where his habit of putting in disco and English dialogues leads to him being thrown out quite often.
On the death of their grandfather, by the requirement of his will, they need get together for 3 years on the day of his death anniversary before midnight at the cabin. If not, the property around the cabin (worth crores of rupees) will be forfeited. Also every year one of them has to take care of their grandfather's ashes starting from the eldest and pass it on to the next younger on that day. For the much needed money, they somehow manage to make it through two years, but the last year holds a lot for them. Snowstorms, trespassers, foreign babes with drugs,etc. bring them close to each other and make up their differences.
The climax brings in a twist that wraps up the story nicely.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with a footballer, Lorry (Prateik Babbar), who gets admission into an American college. Due to insufficient funds, he is unable to fulfill his dream. On the other hand, his girlfriend Tani (Anaitha Nair) got a scholarship to US. Though he is happy for his girlfriend's achievement, he becomes depressed for not fulfilling his own dream. His friend, Ricky (Gulshan Devaiah), tells him that he can get him into the college, but Lorry will have to smuggle drugs along with him. Lorry agrees and at the airport, successfully passes the X-ray machine.
ACP Vishnu Kamath (Abhishek Bachchan) is a previously corrupt cop who had accepted a lot of bribes to satisfy his family. However, his family died in a car accident. Several years later, he is offered a job by the Chief Minister of Goa: to flush out all the drug gangsters in Goa, which he accepts. His success leads to a panic among the drug suppliers. The drug dealers gather for a meeting led by Zoey (Bipasha Basu). Zoey guarantees them that their drugs will be in safe hands if they are given to a mysterious person named Michael Barbosa. Kamath decides to chase Michael Barbosa and finds out about Ricky.
When Kamath reaches Ricky, he is already dead. Kamath finds out about his cocaine-smuggling and his girlfriend, Rozanna (Mariah Pucu Gantois Gomes). They reach the airport on the same day Lorry is about to leave. Kamath encounters Rozanna and finds a photo of Lorry in her phone. She is allowed to go due to lack of evidence. Kamath then identifies Lorry as the person he had seen in Rozanna's phone. They detain him and find cocaine stuffed in his bag. Lorry is sent to juvenile jail, where his friend, DJ Joki Fernandes (Rana Daggubati), tries to get him out. It is then revealed that Zoey and Joki used to date. Zoey wanted to be an air hostess, but failed. Joki introduced her to his boss, Lorsa Biscuita a.k.a. the Biscuit (Aditya Pancholi), who had worldwide contacts. With the help of his contacts, Biscuit got her a job in airlines, though she had to smuggle cocaine to international regions to repay him. She ended up getting caught and was sentenced to 14 years in jail. Biscuit's contact got her free in 14 days, but to repay him, she had to sleep with Biscuit. She broke up with Joki and made her life drug-dealing with Biscuit.
Joki meets Zoey and the two end up sleeping together. Zoey gives him a video of Biscuit announcing that he is going to have a rave in neighboring Karnataka, out of Kamath's jurisdiction and that Michael Barbosa will be bringing and exchanging drugs. Joki gives this tape to Kamath. When Biscuit comes to know about Zoey and Joki, he kills Zoey. After recruiting Lorry for help, Kamath attacks Biscuit's party and arrests the drug dealers. When Kamath's colleague Rane asks him about Barbosa, Kamath says that he knows the secret of Barbosa and Rane kills Kamath. It is revealed that Rane was always involved with Biscuit. Joki later finds out about Kamath's death and arrives at the crime scene, fitting together the pieces as Kamath has. Michael Barbosa is not a man but a gravesite Biscuit uses for storing drugs. We see Joki carefully storing the bags of cocaine somewhere, then calling Rane to arrange a meeting. Lorry is now free of the charge and he comes out of jail. When Joki and Rane are going to meet Biscuit, Joki kills Rane saying that he knows Rane is the person who killed Kamath. Kamath's body is being cremated in an electric furnace owned by Biscuit. We see that this is where Joki has put the drugs, and Biscuit arrives only too late. Having been brought down by the destruction of his stockpile, Biscuit is killed by a woman who may be Rozanna. Lorry comes to a beach party where Joki is singing, and Tani joins him in a joyful reunion. The film ends with Joki riding on his bike envisioning Kamath and Zoey.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kunal, an orphaned boy, discovers how cruel life is when he is abandoned by his uncle. Left to fend for himself, Kunal soon realizes the hero within and begins his epic journey of adventure and transformation to become Zokkomon.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film revolves around five central characters in the city of Mumbai. Tilak (Tusshar Kapoor) is a small-time publisher of unlicensed books who along with his friends Mandook (Pitobash Tripathy) and Ramesh (Nikhil Dwivedi) kidnaps a famous author and forces him to give the manuscript of his latest book to them so that they will be the first ones to publish it. Abhay (Sendhil Ramamurthy) is a NRI who returns to India to start his own small business and meets Shalmili (Preeti Desai). Sawan (Sundeep Kishan) is a young cricketer hoping to break into the under-22 Mumbai cricket team. The story focuses on their trials and tribulations as they battle life in the city of Mumbai during the chaotic period of the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi.
The film tries to deal with concepts of chance, the constant struggle between hope and despair and self-actualization. The opening of the movie starts with the song "Karma is a bitch" which fits in with the central theme of the story where the characters of the film keep trying to come to terms with their own actions. Abhay has a dark past which is not revealed in the film but it can be speculated that he came to India to stay away from it. Tilak initially holds himself responsible for the injury of the child due to bomb explosion that happens in the movie which brings him closer to his wife and viewing life from a different perspective. The goons who traumatize Abhay eventually end up being shot by their own bullets on the day of Ganesha Visarjan. Tilak gets a new life and finds his treasure at home. Sawan gives up the money he finds at the bank robbery and instead focuses on improving his game for cricket selections and gets support from Sejal(Sawan's partner)too. Ramesh is seen applying for jobs and Mandook protesting at a rally. Towards the end of the movie all characters move on different paths.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mihika Banerjee (Lara Dutta), a successful investment banker living in Mumbai, misses her flight to Delhi and needs to get there any way possible to meet her husband, Lt. Col. Vikram Rana (Akshay Kumar). She meets Manu Gupta (Vinay Pathak) and they discover the colours of India in their journey to Delhi. They go by road and train and the audience gets a chance to see both the large urban conglomerations and the small rural areas that make up India. During the journey, Mihika experiences various difficulties which she has never encountered in her high class life. When Mihika's money is stolen while she is buying a train ticket, she is forced to travel with Manu in the ordinary class in Jhunjhunu District. Thus the film revolves around Mihika's and Manu's journey amidst difficulties.
-----------------------------------------------------------
"Afia" - A single woman (Nandita Das) decides to become a mother using a sperm donor.
"Megha" - Almost 20 years after leaving Kashmir, Kashmiri Pandit Megha (Juhi Chawla) returns home on a business trip to find her childhood Muslim friend Rubina (Manisha Koirala) has suffered too. "Megha" is inspired by Sanjay Suri's experiences in Kashmir.
"Abhimanyu" - Abhimanyu (Sanjay Suri), a successful director, is haunted by memories of sexual abuse as a child. He must deal with his dark memories even as he struggles with his sexual identity. "Abhimanyu" is based on the experiences of fashion designer Ganesh Nallari and gay rights activist Harish Iyer.
"Omar" - Jai, from Bangalore, (Rahul Bose) meets Omar, a struggling actor in Mumbai, (Arjun Mathur). They flirt and have dinner together and then have sex at a public place. A policeman (Abhimanyu Singh) comes and manhandles them both and threatens Jai to turn him in under Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code and blackmails into giving 100,000 Rupees as bribe. Omar goes with Jai's ATM card to draw money, meanwhile the policeman forcibly has sex with Jai. Omar returns with 50,000 Rupees, which the policeman takes along with both Jai and Omar's cellphones. Then he takes Omar along with him against protests of Jai (A hint of the policeman taking Omar to have sex with him ). Later on Jai meets Omar again in a hotel and tell him that later that night, Jai had gone and woke up a big lawyer and went with him to the police station to get Omar released only to find that Omar was never there and then he realized that Omar was a part of setup to extort money from Jai. "Omar" is inspired by stories and research material provided by the online portal Gay Bombay.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Harvinder (Govinda) is a 40-year-old man living in London with his parents Laxminarayan Srivastav (Anupam Kher) and Maya Srivastav (Smita Jaykar), an ardent lover of the lord. He's still a virgin and sleepwalks in the nights. One night he sleepwalks into an unknown white woman's bedroom causing mayhem for her lover until the white woman's husband shows up. Sanjeev's father seeks the help of his employee Shafarat Ali (Shakti Kapoor) and his nephews to help Sanjeev lose his virginity, but all their efforts are futile. This brings embarrassment to LM Kapoor.
Happy's friends attempt to hook him up where one of his friends talks to a Chinese girl who then leads Happy to her room. However, much to the dismay of Happy, he discovers "she" is a man. The next day, Randy, Sandy and Shafarat Ali leads Happy to the massage parlour. Happy then accidentally breaks the female massage parlour's nose. In a fit of fear, they break into a run. LM Kapoor then invites Happy to Uncle Chatur's (Sanjay Mishra) house, who is a heart patient, where Happy is head over heals over his daughter however one night, Happy ends causing trouble for another woman due to sleeping on her bed. Because of his sleep-walking problem, girls reject him.
The family leaves for Manali, where Sanjeev gets married to Gauri (Yuvika Chaudhary), a girl much younger than him. However, Gauri is up to childish pranks all the while, which results in Sanjeev getting into a physical relationship with a London based model who is in the town for photo shoot. Sanjeev thinks nobody will find out, but when Gauri does discover the truth, she gets a rude shock, which brings about a change in her attitude.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rhea Dialdas (Shraddha Kapoor) has just done her JC (Junior College) and she already fancies herself marrying her charming, rich boyfriend Luv Nanda (Taaha Shah). who in turn, fancies winning this contest called BBC (Billionaire Boys Club), which is a rage amongst billionaire boys. It is seen that the boys upload videos of themselves with girls, while making out and stuff, on the website, and the more you do so more you get the points. Luv Nanda was going to become the highest scorer that year. This was shown to Rhea by the brother of a friend of Rhea.
The only way for Luv to win this contest was to get Rhea into bed with him on her 18th birthday eve as, this would've provided him another 1,000 points, which would've propelled his profile to untouchable heights for that year. She goes along naively until she realises that it's not love but points that Luv wants to score. Now out to get him by the balls, she has a plan up her sleeve with her gal pals. Rhea believes that Luv has power as long as his Car, Cash, Charm and his friends are intact. Rhea makes a pact with Minty (her sister) and then goes to take everything from Luv Nanda by which he attracts girls (who now wants to have Natasha in place of Rhea). She breaks his car, screws his date with Natasha as she accidentally eats the cupcake which was meant for Luv and she is forced to go to toilet in a public road, spikes his drink with a kind of drug after which, comes the famous Mutton Song where, Luv dances in a bar, dressed up like a girl. The video of him dancing is sent to Luv's friends who believe he is gay and the girls steal his credit cards to buy hot posters of actors and mankinis so that Luv's father thinks he is gay.
Then, at Golu's party, where Freddy Kapoor (Ali Zafar) came to play, she takes Luv to a room where hidden cameras were put to shoot the whole proceeding. Luv, who's found out about Rhea's plan, ties Rhea's hands. But, she unties herself and sprays pepper-spray on Luv and proceeds to tell him that, though girls don't have balls, they sure do know how to kick them after which, she kicks Luv's balls. When she comes out of the room, she finds everyone cheering for her. The film proceeds to have Freddie Kapoor drop Rhea at her home and asking Rhea for a date to which Rhea replies by telling him to call her. In a semi post-credits scene, we see Timmy telling Luv that he (Timmy) is gay and he knows that so is Luv (part of the plan of the girls) and jumps on him after lowering his pants.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rehan (Mahaakshay Chakraborty) is sent to a mansion by his father, who is in the real estate business. The mansion's caretaker died two days ago, and the mansion is going to be sold off in ten days. Rehan's father suspects this as the doing of a rival real estate company, so he sends Rehan to investigate. He meets a rag-picker on the way who tells him that only he can do it. (It means that only he can stop the hauntings of the Glen Manor.) Mysterious things happen that night. Rehan sees a girl playing piano who vanishes when the door is opened; a book drops from a bookshelf on its own and Rehan finds a letter inside. The letter, written by Meera (Tia Bajpai), tells her story from 1936 when her parents left for Delhi and left her alone with her nanny Margaret (Achint Kaur), a servant and a driver. In the absence of her parents, her piano teacher Iyar (Arif Zakaria) tries to rape her. However, she saves herself by hitting Iyer with a candle stand on his head, which results in his death. Soon, the police corroborate Meera's story, as they find explicit sketches of her in Iyar's house. However, Iyer returns in the form of an evil spirit, killing both the servants and the nanny by cutting their heads. The spirit rapes Meera repeatedly, which leads her to commit suicide, but even after her death her spirit is tortured and trapped in the mansion by the evil spirit.
After reading the letter, Rehan feels sympathetic and brings a psychic (Prachi Shah) to help, but the lady leaves after realising how strong the evil spirit is and asks Rehan to do the same. Rehan ignores her warning and stays there, challenging the evil spirit by repeating its name as it is believed that saying an evil spirit's name makes it more powerful.
The next morning when he wakes up he finds the rag-picker in front of him, casting a spell. The spell sends him back 75 years to 17 August 1936, the day when Meera's parents leave for Delhi. Rehan befriends Meera by following her and pretending to be lost newcomer to the town. The next day, in order to prevent the death of Iyer, Rehan comes to Meera's house with a basket of chocolates as a gift for showing him the way to the city. Rehan says that he would like to listen to Meera's performance as he is also interested in music, but Iyer asks him to leave. Rehan insists on staying outside the door so that he will not interfere in their class and can still listen to the music. As Rehan listens to the music, Iyer hits him, throwing him out on the lawn. Iyer bolts the door from inside and tries to rape Meera while Rehan tries to prevent Iyer's death. But, as written in fate, Meera kills Iyer. A hurt Rehan is admitted to the hospital where he dreams about the evil spirit.
Rehan explains everything to Meera and asks her to meet him the next day at noon. The next day, Rehan, Meera and Margaret meet a priest (Mohan Kapoor), who tells them that far from the town there is a Dargah, a mosque where there is a Sufi Baba who could help them. He tells them to start the journey at 3:00 pm because spirits have the strongest power at 3:00 am and are weakest at 3:00 pm. As the travelling continues into dusk, the three stay in a hotel, but the evil spirit kills Margaret and tries to rape Meera. Rehan fights it and takes Meera the rest of the way to the Dargah. The next day, the priest is killed by a snake. Margaret's body, now possessed by the spirit, tries to stop them from entering the Dargah, but Rehan manages to put Margaret's leg at the doorstep of the Dargah thereby destroying her body. Inside they find the rag-picker who sent Rehan into the past.
He tells them that miles away is a town that was being chanted by Khwaja, and there is a well in which Meera has to show the way to Iyer's spirit, which is connected to Meera by a blood-stained pendant that Meera is still wearing. As they reach the town, Rehan has to drop the fire, mud, and the pendant. As Rehan is performing the act, Meera is attacked by Iyer, but Rehan manages to throw the pendant in the well. After saving her, Rehan falls into the well and reaches back to the year 2011. He finds another letter in the same place and discovers that Meera lived a happy life after that event. The house is no longer haunted.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sahil (Tusshar Kapoor), an artist who draws cartoons. He falls in love with Ritu (Amrita Rao), the daughter of a businessman (Ram Kapoor), for whom Sahil had designed a mascot. The story moves on and both fall in love. Her father hates artists, and he decides she will not marry him. Upon her compulsion, her father decided to hire Sahil as the managing director of his company for three months. He has to earn profits in those three months to marry his daughter. Company politics come into play and Sahil falls short of his goals. But eventually his dream of becoming a cartoon strip-writer is realized when a newspaper decides to publish his cartoon "Office Space."
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ragini (Kainaz Motivala) and Uday (Rajkummar Rao) go to a secluded house, set deep in a forest, for a weekend of fun. Upon arrival, Ragini and Uday discover worms in their bag of food; but neglect it. Uday has plans of recording a video of Ragini, without her knowledge, so that he can fulfill his dream of becoming an actor. However, they are interrupted by Ragini's friend, Piya and her boyfriend, Vishal. After a bash of music, dance and beer, Vishal asks Uday where the toilet is and after taking a dark way to the toilet, Vishal says that, on his way to the house, a local pan vendor told him the house belonged to a lady who was accused of being a witch by her family member, and subsequently killed by her family.
However, she returned as a vengeful ghost and murdered her entire family. After hearing Vishal, Uday goes downstairs. While returning to the hall, Vishal senses eeriness in the house and notices one room's door open and close on its own, so he enters in and the door gets locked from outside. After some time he enters into the house from the outside and blames Uday that he latched the door from the outside and says that he came by jumping through the window. Ragini finds one scratch mark on Vishal's neck and after an argument, Vishal and Piya leave the house confused. Uday then handcuffs Ragini to the bed. While they are kissing, the lights go out and Uday's neck is scratched by someone and he asks Ragini for his phone and he goes downstairs to bring his cell phone. While returning toward Ragini his hair is pulled by someone, and he finds himself bleeding from head. He calls his friend to see if he is playing a prank on him; after receiving a negative reply he realises that there is another presence in the house. Ragini then searches for the key to her cuffs and while searching Ragini spots a camera in the room and realises Uday's intentions. She is unable to do anything, as the key has gone missing, leaving her tied to the bed. As matters worsen, his phone battery becomes low so Uday tries to run away, leaving Ragini alone. The spirit does not let him escape however, and Uday returns upstairs, bruised. The ghost enters Uday's body and makes him commit suicide. Ragini struggles to unlock herself from the cuffs before sunrise. She finds the key under the bed, but fails to get it. The next night, the ghost attacks her again, but she manages to break free by cutting her hands with glass.
Ragini escapes the house and runs away, screaming for help. When she sees a car, she chases it, but finds Vishal dead inside. After trying to start the car unsuccessfully, she hides in an old well where she finds Piya's body. The ghost then grabs her and brings her back to the haunted house. The ghost tells that she is not a witch and she did not kill her children. Neither will she leave her house, nor will she let others get out of there alive. Ragini slowly rises up in the air and is slapped and thrown around. The ghost then tries to make her commit suicide but Ragini is able to stop her and toss the weapon away. Ragini stays suspended against the wall all night. As the sun rises, she slips down to the ground, having survived and is free to escape. On-screen text reveals that after a few days, a local boy finds Ragini unconscious and takes her to the hospital. She had to go through intensive psychiatric treatment for 10 months, and then she agreed to tell her story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with Bunty Bhaiya, a gangster, being arrested in Ghaziabad. In Delhi, Mohit Kumar is about to join Crime branch as a sub-inspector under Senior inspector Hanumant Singh. There he meets Singh’s team which is taking bribe from a builder and their commission from the land mafia lord who is threatening the builder’s life.
On arrival, he asks for Hanumant Singh where Rathi tells him that Hanumant Singh is not a human, he is in between human and God. He is afraid of God and Humans are afraid of Hanumant Singh.
Meanwhile Hanumant Singh visits land mafia lord Choudhary as a Land owner from Rajasthan where he kills him and his gang members. Two of the remaining gang members escapes and hides in a house. There they are surrounded by police. Shortly a news crew arrives to lead by Varsha Mathur from Aaj Tak news channel to cover the ongoing incident. There Hanumant takes their camera and goes to the door of house where gang members are hiding. There he pretends to be a camera man from news channel and as soon as they open the door he shoots them. Later he tells the media that both were wanted terrorists. Later he is joined by his team mates and takes Mohit for a drive. On the other side of city a person comes and threatens Hanumant’s wife of killing Hanumant and his whole family if he doesn’t stop doing his mischievous activities.
Hanumant takes Mohit to a hotel and asks him how he joined Crime Branch directly and about his hobbies and personal life. He later drops him to a party and goes home. Where on arrival police informs him that gunshots were fired on his house. He tells his wife to leave India as soon as she gets her passport.
Bunty bhaiya has been transferred to Delhi jail where he is treated as a high profile personality by jailer. In jail Bunty befriends with two terrorists of Lashkar-e-Haq. Hanumant takes Mohit to Rajmani’s (politician) birthday. There Rajmani tells him to encounter Ali tonight at his birthday party.
Before encountering Ali, he tell Hanumant of the drug deal going to take place, which Hanumant sabotages and takes money and drugs with him. In the drug deal encounter Mohit saves Hanumant's life in nick of a time. Later Hanumant sends his wife and son to New-Zealand for their own safety. In meantime three journalist are kidnapped by terrorist who asks for release of their mates and Bunty bhaiya from tihar jail.
When government releases the three Hanumant kills the two terrorists and takes Bunty into his safe house. Its later revealed that Hanumant was actually behind the kidnapping. Meanwhile Mohit tips Hanumant about their colleague Shamsher Rana trying to kill him on instructions of Rajmani. Alert, Hanumant inturn kills Shamsher faking it as a suicide case. Then Hanumant demands 15 crore from Rajmani for his release else he will post the video of Bunty's confessions to media.
Hanumant is shot down, where Mohit shows his presence of mind and admits him to the hospital. In the hospital Hanumant realizes that Mohit was all along working for Rajamani. Even though Mohit is planning to eliminate Hanumant, he agrees to share his ransom money for Mohit saved his life during the drug deal encounter which genuine attempt, unlike the other attempts made to gain his confidence. Then both of them chalk out a plan to make money from Rajmani.
After increasing the deal from 15 to 25 crore by sending a video recording of Bunty with Mohit in the video (which he wasn't aware of), Rajmani agreed on the deal and gives Mohit the money. Mohit shows up at the place as directed by Hanumant and drives off to meet him.In the end when Hanumant and Mohit divide their share of money, and part ways, not knowing there is a transponder in the case. Hanumant had some children call Rajmani Bunty's location and they rush off to the location. Upon entering Rajmani's car, Bunty was shot dead by Rajmani and they continue to the parliament. Not realising the reporters are watching, Rajmani is captured by the police in a road block when they saw Bunty's dead body in the car.
Mohit is killed by Rajmani's people after a car chase in which he kills them all too.. Later when Hanumant goes to send money to his family through Kamlesh (Veerendra Saxena), who helps him send money when he needs to, he is shot twice by Kamlesh . Kamlesh tells him that he also has a family to feed, and that he has never seen such a big amount in his whole life and that has made him disloyal. Kamlesh then shoots him a third time before walking out with the money.He then dials a number - it is shown that Mohit's cell keeps on ringing on road where he lies dead, assuming Mohit arranged the plot, and walks off.
Hanumanth dies listening to old Hindi songs playing on the TV.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Stanley (Partho Gupte) is a fourth grader at Holy Family school in Mumbai and is very popular among his friends. He is talented and well liked by his peers. The English teacher, Ms. Rosy, (Divya Dutta) is particularly impressed with his creativity, wit, and humour. Stanley is shown with a bruised face in the opening scene of the movie. On being questioned about it by Ms. Rosy, he concocts an elaborate story, much to her amusement. His humorous essays and offhand poem recitations make him her favourite in class. However his imagination is not always rewarded; his science teacher (Divya Jagdale) rebukes his attempt at constructing a light house as part of the class project since it does not adhere to the topics covered in class.
It is shown early on that he doesn't bring his lunch box or 'dabba' to school, unlike all his other classmates. Verma (Amole Gupte), is a ravenous Hindi teacher; a phagomaniac who does not bring his own dabba either but lusts after everyone else's, also stealing food on occasion. The kids at school nickname him as 'Khadoos' (cantankerous person). He has a poor reputation among his peers for his mindless and inconsiderate gluttony. He particularly eyes the dabba of one of Stanley's friends and shamelessly joins the group in class as soon as the lunch bell goes off to gorge on their food. A lot of his class time is spent discussing what his students brought for lunch.
One day, he ends up coming late during lunch-break and misses out on eating what he had earlier hoped to eat from the children's dabbas. Upon realising that the food in question was shared with Stanley, Khadoos berates him for not getting his own dabba. Stanley senses Khadoos' hostility towards him and avoids eating from his friends' dabbas thereafter, telling them every day during lunch break that he is going home to enjoy a hot meal prepared by his mother. His friends catch his bluff soon after when they find him loitering around the school during lunch break. When confronted, Stanley tells them that there is no one to cook for him until his parents get back from Delhi. Eager to help their hungry friend out, Stanley's friends start hiding from Khadoos during lunch break while sharing their dabbas with Stanley. Chagrined, Khadoos starts hunting for them arduously during lunch break every day. He catches hold of them eventually on the terrace, empty dabbas in tow. Upon realising that the group shared their lunches with Stanley again, he menacingly threatens Stanley to either bring his own dabba or stop coming to school. Stanley obliges and stops coming to school.
In this time, Stanley's friends come to know of an inter-school concert that they think he would be a perfect fit for. However, since he is debarred from school by Khadoos, Stanley remains sceptical about his chances. He secretly starts attending practice sessions for the concert and begins learning the dance steps and song lyrics by himself. Soon after, he is spotted practising by one of the organizers of the concert. His talent is recognised and he is immediately included in the troupe. In the mean time, Stanley's absence is felt by his teachers and friends, who finally spill the beans to Ms. Rosy about the reason behind his nonattendance. Aghast and disgusted, Ms. Rosy confronts Khadoos in front of other staff members asking him to "have some shame" since Stanley "is just a child". Khadoos begins realising his folly.
One fine day, Stanley brings his own dabba to school. He offers it to Khadoos on a platter and asks him for permission to come back to school. Guilt-ridden and shame-faced, Khadoos quits. He apologises to Stanley in a handwritten letter and promises to never return.
Meanwhile, the inter-school concert is attended by the entire staff of Holy Family, all of whom appreciate Stanley's performance. Ms. Rosy congratulates Stanley after the concert and offers him a ride home. However, he refuses saying that his mother is waiting for him in her car. The school's Principal (Rahul Singh) later drops Stanley home, which we realise isn't "home" but the restaurant at which he works. An orphan, Stanley is frequently physically abused by the proprietor of the restaurant, (his own uncle – Shashank Shende), leaving him badly bruised. He hits Stanley in the face for remaining absent from work for the majority of the day. A cook at the restaurant, Akram, empathises with Stanley and promises to pack leftovers at the restaurant into his 'dabba' every day, without his uncle's knowledge. Stanley and Akram stay back and clean the place up for the night. The scene ends with Stanley lighting a candle next to a photograph of his parents, before going to bed. His mother is seen to bear some resemblance to Ms. Rosy. The next day onward, Stanley brings his own dabba to school and shares it with everyone while regaling them with details about how his mother prepared everything.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajat (Kartik Aaryan), Nishant "Liquid" Agarwal (Divyendu Sharma) and Vikrant Chaudhary (Raayo S Bakhirta) are bachelors who live together in a flat in Noida. Rajat falls in love with Neha (Nushrat Bharucha). Nishant falls for Charu (Ishita Raj Sharma) who is his colleague. She makes him do a good part of her own work in office and also makes him foot her beauty parlour bills but he is naive enough to not understand that she is only using him for financial assistance and moral support. Charu has a boyfriend, Abhi, but they aren’t on the best of terms. Vikrant loves Riya (Sonalli Sehgall) who also can’t get over her boyfriend of 5 years, Varun. Rajat leaves the bachelor pad. Vikrant, however is aware of Varun, and also knows that Riya has not yet called off that relationship but he doesn’t mind waiting because he is besotted by Riya. On her part, Riya keeps assuring him that she will end the relationship but actually ends up sleeping with Varun while she is dating Vikrant. Missing their meetings and bar-hopping, the trio decide to take a time-out by themselves. All three women, however, find out and decide to accompany them to the beach where they eventually mingle. Charu here kisses Nishant, while Rajat has a fight with Neha back at home. Charu starts to ignore Nishant and ends up eventually insulting him openly at work. Rajat and Neha eventually work out their differences, but soon after, further problems arise between them (such as Neha's constant tantrums). Rajat becomes so frustrated that he walks out on Neha, telling her that she is 'not worthy' of him. Nishant goes into depression but is brought back to reality by his two friends Vikrant and Rajat who drive him to Charu's house and Nishant slaps Charu's boyfriend. Vikrant finds out that Riya slept with her ex and leaves her.
In the end the trio are seen sitting together, laughing and feeling happy with the moment they have with each other. In the end credits, the three girls whom the trio fell for are shown having new boyfriends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A busy housewife and mother, Madhu Saxena is upset when her husband forgets her birthday. As it is on 29 February, her birthday only comes once every four years. She decides to go shopping to celebrate the day and buys a car as well. While resting in a cafe she meets Raghav, a mysterious stranger who she thinks is a private detective. He does not dissuade her from the idea because he is really a wanted forger who has been turned in to the police by his girlfriend Ria. Needing cover until he can leave Mumbai, Raghav pretends to be following an unfaithful husband who is planning to murder his wife. He agrees to accept Madhu's help on the imaginary case. As they pursue the non-existent husband they begin to feel attracted to each other. Events become more complicated when Madhu realizes that he is not a detective and that he has been deceiving her. Finally, Raghav decides to give himself up to the police and Madhu returns to her family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ready starts with ready-witted Prem (Salman Khan) helping his childhood friend Khushi (Zarine Khan) to elope with Raju (Ajay Devgn). Khushi's intended bridegroom Gaurav (Arbaaz Khan) reveals that he also has a girlfriend, Kiran (Kangana Ranaut), whom he wants to marry. The elopement angers Khushi's father, Mr. Pathak (Mithilesh Chaturvedi) and Prem's family, the Kapoors. Prem manages to pacify his family members.
The Kapoors decide to get Prem engaged to Pooja. Prem is sent to receive Pooja at the airport; however, he deliberately goes to the wrong terminal to avoid meeting her. A young woman named Sanjana (Asin), who has just run away from her own wedding, overhears Prem telling his uncle about ditching Pooja. Since nobody from Prem's family has ever seen Pooja, Sanjana pretends to be Prem's intended fiancée. Sanjana, posing as Pooja, goes to stay with the Kapoors and wins the hearts of the entire family, except Prem, who gets irritated with her.
Meanwhile, Sanjana's maternal uncles, Amar Choudhary (Akhilendra Mishra) and Suraj Choudhary (Sharat Saxena), who are rivals, try to search for her. Each uncle wants Sanjana to marry his respective brother-in-law to inherit her wealth. Sanjana and Prem escape from Suraj Chaudhary's goons by taking a lift in the car of Mr. Lehri (Sudesh Lehri). Prem outwits the goons and sends Suraj's son Aryan into a coma while escaping. Suraj Choudhary takes the help of Mr. Lehri to get to know who ran away with Sanjana.
By then, Prem finds out Sanjana's true identity, and she tells him about her uncles trying to get her married. Prem and Sanjana fall in love and decide to marry. However, her uncle Suraj Chaudhary takes her away. Then the Kapoors come to know about her true identity; they still want her as Prem's wife. Prem assures Sanjana that she should stay with her uncle, and he will find a way to marry her as well as reunite her whole family.
Prem pretends to be the nephew of CA Balidaan Bhardwaaj a.k.a. Bali (Paresh Rawal), a chartered accountant who serves Sanjana's uncles. Prem convinces Suraj and Amar Chaudhary not to get either of their brothers-in-law married to Sanjana. Instead, he suggests the daughters of America's billionaires K.K. and B.K. Modi as suitable brides for the two brothers-in-law. What the Choudharies do not know is that K.K. and B.K. Modi are actually Prem's dad and uncle in disguise. Prem gets the rest of his family to play characters to trick Sanjana's family into letting her marry him. He also manages to change the Chaudhary family's negative attitudes.
But on the wedding day, Aryan recovers from his coma, and reveals the truth about Prem. A physical fight follows, in which Prem gets the upper hand of Sanjana's uncles and their men. He then explains to Amar and Suraj how Sanjana's late mother wanted them to unite and get their niece married. The Chaudharies realise their mistake and are deeply apologetic for their behaviour. In the end, Prem and Sanjana get married and their wedding picture is taken with the Kapoors and Chaudharies, a.k.a. the 'Chapoors'. In the end, a spinoff is placed for a sequel in the future as the third brother of the Chauderies returns.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shaitan starts off with Amy (Kalki Koechlin), who is mentally disturbed and deeply affected by the attempted suicide and eventual institutionalisation of her mother, Saira. She moves from Los Angeles to Mumbai, where she meets KC (Gulshan Devaiya) at a party her parents forcefully take her to. KC introduces her to his gang – Dash (Shiv Pandit), Zubin (Neil Bhoopalam) and Tanya (Kirti Kulhari). They lead a directionless life, having fun, drinking, using drugs and driving around in a Hummer. On one such occasion, they start racing a random car and win. In the celebration rush, they run over two people riding on a scooter, killing them instantly.
They quickly leave the spot but are easily traced down by a slimy cop, Inspector Malwankar (Rajkummar Rao), who demands ₹ 2,500,000 ($41,500) to drop the case. Dash tells them about a friend (Rajat Barmecha) who faked his own brother's kidnapping and extracted ₹ 2 million from his own parents. After Amy volunteers to be the kidnapping victim, they hatch a plan. Upon receiving the ransom call, Amy's father, contrary to their expectations immediately approaches Police Commissioner (Pavan Malhotra) for help. The Police Commissioner assigns an upright cop Arvind Mathur (Rajeev Khandelwal) to solve the case unofficially, as he is on suspension after throwing a corporator from the first floor of his own house for allegedly beating up a woman. Inspector Mathur is shown to be having a disturbed married life and nearly divorces his wife.
The group of youngsters then hide in a shady hotel, acting upon the plan hatched by Dash. When Tanya is nearly raped by a man, they react violently and kill him. They escape from the lodge and hide out in a cinema hall, where Amy finds a packet of cocaine in Dash's satchel. Tanya is deeply disturbed by their recent actions, and convinces Zubin to take her home. While Zubin leaves to find a taxi, Tanya gets into an altercation with Amy. Amy, while under the influence of cocaine, is convinced that the phone call that Tanya was making to her sister was actually to the police. In the physical confrontation that follows, KC severely injures Tanya. Zubin, upon returning, finds the gruesome scene and flees. He is later arrested by the police while attempting to leave the city. Dash takes Amy and KC to a church in the outskirts of Mumbai and instructs them to hide there while he tries to figure things out with Malwankar.
The arrested Zubin, in the meantime, reveals the entire scenario to the police. They track down Malwankar, who was attempting to escape with his wife. In the ensuing chase, Malwankar is nearly killed in an auto collision. While buying food, the exasperated KC sees his handicapped sister being traumatised by the media. He then calls his father and asks him for help. Using this call, the police trace the trio to the church. Upon returning to the church, KC tells the other two everything and tries to convince Amy to leave the church with him. Dash, however, confronts him and the two get into a bloody confrontation. It ends with Dash beating KC to death. Dash then tries to get Amy to leave the church with him. However, a cocaine-fuelled Amy has a traumatic flashback involving her mother trying to drown her as a child. In this frenzy, she stabs Dash, who is trying to restrain her. She is then found by Inspector Mathur.
The police, despite knowing the truth, get the three surviving friends to sign a statement saying that Dash had kidnapped all four. This is done to save the reputation of the much-maligned police force. Mathur then meets his wife, indicating a possible reconciliation. The film ends with Amy being resigned to the convent, that she always feared, albeit with her mother's name (Saira).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ajit Talwar (Kay Kay Menon) is a business tycoon. The movie starts with an interview of Ajit Talwar in a News Channel. Ajit Talwar has a broad business unit. Ajit Talwar is married to Naina Talwar (Rukshar) but still Ajit Talwar is a womanizer who has an affair with his secretary played by Spanta Patel (Kishwar Merchant). Ajit Talwar has a friend Kapoor (Rahul Vohra) whose wife Raveena (Aditi Govitrikar) runs a TV channel. Kapoor invites Ajit to the final episode of Aao Guess Karein, a TV Reality show aired on Kapoor's TV channel. The finalist of the show is the protagonist Bharat Bhushan (Vinay Pathak), who wins ₹ 25 Lakh and a chance to journey in a luxurious Cruise. The Executive Producer of the show Ranjini (Minissha Lamba) asks Bharat Bhushan, how would he utilise the prize money. Bhushan says by producing a music album.
Bhushan is an Income Tax Officer and has a friend M. T. Shekharan (Suresh Menon) who is also an Income Tax Officer. Shekharan calls on Bhushan for an Income Tax Raid. But Bhushan refuses saying that he is leaving for a holiday on a luxurious Cruise. Shekharan follows Ajit Talwar to the cruise ship and employs various disguises to collect evidence on Ajit Talwar. Ajit and Bhushan get lost in an island. Bhushan makes his way to the Cruise with all preparations and thus the hilarious journey begins.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Always Kabhi Kabhi focuses on four students and their struggle through their final year at St Mark's School. The first teenager is 'Shortcut Sam', Sameer Khanna, (Ali Fazal), the jock, who falls in love with Aishwarya Dhawan (Giselli Monteiro) who is about to become a Bollywood actress. Aishwarya is a new student who befriends Sam on her first day, and the two fall in love at first sight. A Shakespeare play approaches in which Aish automatically gains the role of Juliet, much to the chagrin of her classmates. Sam tries his level best to learn the lines of Romeo so as to impress Mrs. Das and gain the role of Romeo. He succeeds in the end.
The next two friends, Tariq Naqvi (Satyajeet Dubey) and 'Nandy Bull', Nandini Oberoi (Zoa Morani), love to fight and argue with each other, but do not understand that they are in love. Nandini's parents don't spend any time with her and are always travelling. In the absence of her parents, she goes to illegal clubs and parties every day and spends money lavishly. Tariq, on the other hand, is burdened by his parents to achieve their dream of studying in MIT.
They realise their love for each other during Nandy's struggle to get approval of her apology after she forwards Tariq's MIT denial letter, oblivious that he had not read it himself. Sam gives a party in Hellfire but then there's a raid and he gets arrested while saving Aish. The two corrupt policemen try to bag 50,000 rupees from Sam. He tries his best to avoid the policemen and tries to pay them in instalments. Aish breaks up with him because when during the party, Nandy's toyboy offers him a drag, even though Aish begged him to leave, he agreed to smoke weed because the toyboy makes fun of him and asked him to be a man. After she heard that Sam had sacrificed himself to save her, they make up. During Aish's 18th birthday, Sam confesses his love for her only to be caught together by her mother who disapproves of them. Her agent renames her Kashish for the films and even persuades her to do a photo shoot in which she only has to wear a bikini. When Sam finds out that the prize money of the inter-school Shakespeare play competition is Rs.50,000 (the amount he owes the policemen), he begins to put more pressure on the group to come in time for the practices. Meanwhile, Aish is being offered a movie contract that she doesn't want to do. During a meeting, she rips the contract and runs to meet Sam and the others and continue their practice for the competition.
Enraged by Aish's absence during practice, Sam confronts her, oblivious to what she had done for him. Aish didn't know about the money he owes the policemen and does not understand the reason of his anger. She runs into the streets, distraught and crying, only to be hit by a car and go into coma. Aishwarya's mother confronts Sam about the accident because she believed that he was the cause and does not permit him to see her. While dropping Aishwarya's clothes, Tariq and Nandy notice Aishwarya's phone has an electronic diary and reads it. It shows her point of view about everyone in the group and talks about how their parents have pressurised them. So, they perform Romeo and Juliet with a different point of view, saying that Romeo and Juliet would not have died if their parents had approved of their love and listened to them, implying that their parents should do the same. They perform the song 'Antenna' to convey their thoughts. Sameer uncovers the policemen's intentions to the Commissioner, while Aishwarya recovers and reconciles with him. Tariq gets into IIT and tries to make his father consider it the same as MIT and Nandini tells her parents she does not want their money, but their time.
The movie closes with Shahrukh Khan performing to a song with the protagonists.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Criminals Hazari (Sanjay Mishra) and Murari (Rajpal Yadav) rob the Police Commissioner's home, and Chetta Singh (Vijay Raaz) steal the car belonging to the Commissioner's wife, Kusum (Rati Agnihotri). Meanwhile, AD (Aftab Shivdasani) elopes with Shreya (Priyanka Kothari), the niece of Police Sub-Inspector Pralay Pratap Singh (Om Puri). With each group is on the run for different reasons, they all end up in a vehicle stolen from crime boss Durjan Singh/Black Cobra (Gulshan Grover). In the vehicle is a suitcase filled with Durjan's loot.
On the run from both gangsters and police, they group disguises themselves using fake police uniforms, and arrives in Madhavgarh village just in time to stop Loha Singh (Manoj Joshi) from committing a crime. Believing them to be real law officials, the town's residents host a congratulatory feast in their honor. The group settles in comfortaby among their new-found friends, but the Black Cobra tracks them down and plots their capture and death.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story continues from the previous film.
The four good-for-nothing friends Roy (Ritesh Deshmukh), Adi (Arshad Warsi), Manav (Jaaved Jaaferi) and Boman (Aashish Chaudhary), are still trying to con people for a living. They happen to see their old enemy Kabir (Sanjay Dutt) driving a luxurious Mercedes Benz, and try to find out the secret behind his success. Upon "investigating", they "find" that he is living off his "wife's" wealth.
They then blackmail him into making them his business partners, but little do the four friends know that Kabir, his girlfriend Kamini (Mallika Sherawat) along with his sister Kiya (Kangana Ranaut) have an agenda of their own. Kabir connects them with an investor named Bata Bhai (Satish Kaushik) who is also a don. The four friends convince Bata Bhai to invest his money into Kabir's oil project, and the money is then stolen by Kabir. Kabir leaves the country along with Kamini and Kiya, and leaves the four friends to deal with Bata Bhai. However, the four friends are able to leave the city and track Kabir down in Macau. They make a plan to ruin Kabir's happiness and take their money back by going in disguise. Roy "cons" Kiya by disguising himself as 'Tukiya' and pretending to be in love with her, whilst Adi disguises himself as a Punjabi called 'Ghanta Singh', getting the job of Kabir's "secretary". Roy also disguises himself as 'Heera Bhai', a "Gujarati investor" who would supposedly "invest" in Kabir's casino, and Boman acts as his wife, "in love with Kabir" to break his relationship with Kamini. Manav poses as various characters.
However, Kabir, Kamini, and Kiya find out about their plans and decide to pretend to be fooled by the four friends, playing along with their plans. However, they eventually reveal this at the end when the four friends reveal themselves, shocking and scaring the four friends, who are incensed at getting tricked by the trio again. The movie ends with them escaping from Johnny Bonzela (J. Brandon Hill) due to Kabir exposing them to him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
ACP Karan Malhotra (Sonu Sood) has declared that he will eliminate all gangsters from Mumbai within two months. Gangster Kabir Bhai (Prakash Raj) decides to eliminate ACP Karan instead. So in comes Vijju (Amitabh Bachchan), a hitman who returns to Mumbai after a long exile in Paris, France in order to perform one last job.
While the gangsters and Vijju try to take down ACP Karan, ACP Karan is trying to woo his old college friend Tanya (Sonal Chauhan) and Tanya's friend Amrita (Charmee Kaur) is trying to figure out the relationship between Vijju and her mother (Raveena Tandon). Vijju later reveals that he is not the contract killer and is rather trying to protect his son, ACP Karan.
The story rolls on showing Vijju climbing the ladder of underworld to reach Kabir Bhai and plot with him the murder of Karan. One of Kabir Bhai's associate Yera (Subbaraju) goes against his decision of roping in Vijju and attempts to shoot Karan. He misses narrowly and returns to base, facing mockery from Vijju. Meanwhile, Vijju meets his estranged wife Sita (Hema Malini) and tries to patch the relationship. Yera attempts once again and is successful to pump some bullets into Karan, failing Vijju's attempts to stop him from going to the place of shoot-out. A hurt and angry Vijju then admits Karan to a hospital and visits Kabir Bhai's den. After reciting a short story and explaining three morals, Vijju informs that Karan is alive and the den is surrounded by police. A fierce shoot-out ensues in which Vijju kills all the gangsters at the den except Kabir Bhai and his aide Mac (Makrand Deshpande) who roped in Vijju to the underworld don. Yera is killed by Kabir . A surprised Kabir Bhai is shot in the head by Vijju but he leaves his aide. The movie ends at the hospital where Vijju asks his wife to decide if she would reveal his identity to Karan. He also says that he would come back in case either his wife or son are in trouble ever and if he does not come back, it would mean that he has died, given his old age. To this, Sita responds "Bbuddah... Hoga Terra Baap."
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around three roommates, journalist Tashi (Imran Khan), photographer Nitin Berry (Kunaal Roy Kapur) and cartoonist Arup (Vir Das), leading an unkempt and debt-ridden life in a shady apartment in Delhi. Tashi's ditzy fiancée, Sonia (Shenaz Treasurywala), is an air hostess who agrees to deliver a package for Vladimir Dragunsky (Kim Bodnia) to Somayajulu (Vijay Raaz), without realizing its contents or that Somayajulu is a gangster. Sonia asks Tashi to deliver the package. Tashi, in turn, asks Nitin to do so. But Nitin is unable to do so as he is suffering ' Delhi Belly'. Nitin hands Sonia's package to Arup for delivery to Somayajulu, along with a package containing his stool sample for delivery to Nitin's doctor. Arup mixes up the two bags. Somayajulu, furious, tortures Vladimir to find his package.
Meanwhile, Nitin photographs his landlord with a prostitute. He sends an envelope with the photographs to his landlord to blackmail him. Tashi is with Sonia, when his colleague Menaka (Poorna Jagannathan) calls him on the pretext of work. When he reaches the place he realizes that it is just a party and Menaka called him just to have fun. Menaka's ex-husband Rajeev sees them together and punches Tashi in the eye in a fit of jealousy. Tashi retaliates and knocks Rajeev out. As Tashi and Menaka leave they are chased by a furious Rajeev and his friends who shoot at them. The duo barely manage to escape.
Vladimir informs Somayajulu that the mix-up must have been caused by Sonia as she didn't know what she was carrying in the package. Somayajulu calls Sonia, informs her about the mix-up and asks her to give him the address of the person who had delivered the package. When Tashi arrives into his apartment, he walks into Somayajulu who has Arup standing on a stool with a noose around his neck. On hard interrogation, Somayajulu discovers the mix-up and realizes that the package must be with Nitin's doctor.
Nitin gets the package from his doctor's office, wherein Somayajulu finds his thirty diamonds hidden inside. Upon recovering his booty, he orders his henchmen to kill the three roommates. One of them is about to shoot Tashi, when another kicks the stool on which Arup was standing to hang him. Luckily for the roommates, the ceiling of the apartment collapses, since it can't take Arup's weight. The cave-in knocks out Somayajulu and his men, leaving one with broken arms. Tashi, Arup and Nitin escape with the diamonds and spend the night at Menaka's place. The next day they sell the diamonds to a local jeweller.
As the roommates prepare to get out of town with the money, they get a call from Somayajulu who has kidnapped Sonia. He threatens to kill her if they don't return the diamonds. The trio try to buy back the diamonds from the jeweller, who demands double the sale amount.
Without the money, Tashi comes up with a plan. Nitin, Arup, Tashi and Menaka disguise themselves in burqas and rob the jeweller, leaving him the bag of money. They flee in Tashi's car with the police on their tail and go to the hotel where Somayajulu is holding Sonia. As they are about to make the exchange with Somayajulu, the police arrive at the hotel room. There is a shoot-out between the police and Somayajulu's gang.
Nitin, Arup, Tashi and Sonia, who had hit the floor during the gunfight, are left as the only survivors. Menaka, who by now realises that she likes Tashi, is upset to learn about his engagement and walks away from him. Tashi breaks off his engagement to Sonia. Later, it is revealed that Nitin did not return the cash to the jewellery store owner, and had kept most of the money for himself (whereupon he abandons blackmailing the landlord). The film ends when Menaka comes to the roommates' apartment to return Tashi's car's hubcap lost while escaping from Rajeev. Tashi jumps into her car through the open window and kisses her passionately.
Producer-actor Aamir Khan is seen dancing in a song and dance performance as the credits start rolling.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arjun Bhagwat (Emraan Hashmi) is a money-hungry ex-police officer involved in crime. An atheist (nastik), he regularly visits church to donate money to orphans. Priya (Jacqueline Fernandez), a model, is in a passionate but confused relationship with Arjun. Priya is in love with Arjun, who lusts after her. At the beginning of the film, he forces upon her but the relationship continues.
Arjun makes a deal with a gangster and pimp, Sameer, in order to solve the mystery of unexplained disappearance of his prostitutes. While investigating, Arjun finds a phone number linked to the missing girls. He tells Sameer to send a prostitute to the number. Sameer decides to send Reshma (Sulagna Panigrahi), a 17-year-old college newcomer in the business, who has entered prostitution to feed her family, though keeps this a secret from them. Reshma is sent to the house of Dheeraj Pandey (Prashant Narayanan), who is actually a psychopathic murderer responsible for torturing and killing the missing hookers. He decides to do the same with Reshma and throws her in a dark well, with the intention of torturing her till she dies.
Arjun finds out that Dheeraj is the murderer and tells the police. While Dheeraj is held in jail, the commissioner calls a psychiatrist to extract his confession. Dheeraj tells the doctor that he kills women because he thinks they take advantage of men. He also reveals that he castrated himself and became a eunuch to get rid of his sex addiction, with the help of a fellow eunuch and big-shot politician, Nirmala Pandit. Dheeraj is eventually let out under Nirmala Pandit's influence. Meanwhile, Reshma escapes from the well and tries to find her way out through the forest.
Arjun meets Dheeraj's family, who reveal that Dheeraj used to beat his wife. He next meets a private dancer, Sonia, who had also been tortured by Dheeraj, but managed to escape. Arjun then meets an idol-maker who used to work with Dheeraj. The maker tells him that Dheeraj used to make idols of devils instead of deities and killed the factory-owner who tried to stop him. Inspector Sadaa (Sudhanshu Pandey) informs Arjun that Dheeraj is free, and the police try to track him down as quickly as possible. Nirmala and Dheeraj enter the same temple where Reshma is hiding. Nirmala and the priest, who had both been unaware of Dheeraj's true nature, are killed by Dheeraj, but not before the priest reveals that Reshma is there. Dheeraj finds the terrified Reshma and brutally murders her, escaping just before Arjun and the cops arrive. Arjun finds Reshma's body and breaks down, feeling guilty and responsible for her death.
Dheeraj targets Priya next whom he calls for a photoshoot and tries to torture, but Arjun saves her, engaging Dheeraj in a fight as police officers show up. They request Arjun not to kill Dheeraj. Dheeraj then plays the tape he recorded when he was torturing Reshma. Hearing Reshma's pleading cries, Arjun, tormented by her death and blaming himself for it, furiously kills Dheeraj, ending his reign of terror once and for all. As the film ends, Arjun visits a church with Priya, implying that he had a faith in god and Priya's near death has made him realize his love for her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
This film is about a gang of innocent but feisty kids who lead carefree lives in Chandan Nagar colony that takes on the big bad world of politics when one of their friend's life is endangered. It starts with an introduction to the lead actors, who live in Chandan Nagar Society. Each of the eight children has his own identity and a nickname based on these qualities. Akram is the fast bowler (Ramashankar), Encyclopedia is the mastermind (Arjun). Not only that, but their whole team has a nickname – CHILLAR PARTY. They explain that they have mainly two enemies with the 'oversized' neighbouring cricket team to whom they always lose, and a dog to whom they have given a name – Loose Motion, since it has a tendency to make messes. So they develop an enmity against dogs. Their hopes are shattered shortly after a boy- Fatka who was employed for washing the cars of the society, enters with his dog Bhidu. They do everything to throw the boy and his dog out, but become unsuccessful. Eventually they develop a friendship with each other as Fatka helps them by serving as the lead bowler during the match with the neighbouring cricket team. But their happiness is short-lived when a reckless politician, welfare minister Shashikant Bhide, enters their life after his personal secretary is attacked by Bhidu for hurting Fatka.
He announces that in a news telecast, all the stray dogs roaming about in residential buildings in Mumbai will be caught and terminated and gives an excuse that it is done so that Mumbai becomes safer- and declares the slogan as "Safe Mumbai and Safe Mumbaikar". He further informs that the dog can only be saved if the society files a NO OBJECTION CERTIFICATE within 1 month. Chillar party, shocked by this, strives hard to get the NOC- wherein they have to get at least more than 50% votes of the total residents in the society i.e. 31 votes. But they manage only ten votes after 15 days.
To get more votes, they plan out few strategies but in vain. Finally organising a CHADDI MARCH- marching the streets with nothing on their body except underwears. They are telecast on TV and this gets them 10 more votes. With more hard work and awareness they manage to get another 10 votes counting a total of 30 votes. Only 1-day remains to complete the deadline of 1-month as declared by Bhide. Whilst all this chaos is going on, a t.v channel invites Bhide and the Chillar party for an interview. Seeing this as their last chance, they attend the interview which is being telecast to the whole India. Knowing that that is the last day and dog catchers are after Bhidu, they pray hard to save him. During the interview they are constantly mocked by Bhide and asked if all these dirty tricks and uncultured techniques were taught to them by the textbook. As he asks to stop the telecast, Silencer, who doesn't speak at all, speaks for the first time. He opens his textbook and reads out loud "We must always help others" followed by others reading out "A friend in need is a friend indeed" and "We must do what is right". Overwhelmed by this the whole audience gives them a loud round of applause. Whilst in the society, dog catchers are already searching for Bhidu. The paper containing 30 votes is before the secretary, Mr. Tandon while he's watching the telecast. He resents Chillar party and is a close associate of minister Bhide. He was asked to give away Bhidu since this issue originated in his society. Chillar party pleads to leave and the interviewers agree. When they reach the society, they are disheartened as there is no sight of Bhidu. Suddenly Bhidu comes jumping in, wearing a collar reading "Bhidu- Chandan Nagar Society". While they were happy seeing Bhidu, they see the NOC on the desk with 31st sign – belonging to Tandon.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Kabir (Abhay Deol) proposing to Natasha (Kalki Koechlin). Their families meet at the engagement party where Natasha learns that Kabir is planning a three-week bachelor road trip to Spain with his school friends Imran (Farhan Akhtar) and Arjun (Hrithik Roshan). Kabir explains that the three have a long-standing pact, and that during the road trip, each of them will have to pick an adventure sport which all three will try together. Initially, Arjun is reluctant to take trip as he does not want to lose his pay for missing work. It is later revealed that Arjun's former girlfriend left him due to his workaholism and his obsession with money. Imran has an additional personal agenda on the trip, to find his biological father Salman Habib (Naseeruddin Shah), an artist in Spain.
They fly to Spain separately, where they plan to visit Costa Brava, Seville, and Pamplona. On the way to Costa Brava, Imran and Kabir find it annoying that Arjun works even during the trip. Imran nonchalantly throws Arjun's mobile phone out of their car while he is in the middle of an official call. This leads to a heated argument. Arjun, in a fit of rage, accuses Imran of having an affair, four years prior, with Arjun's previous girlfriend Sonali (a topic which was very sensitive both to Arjun and Imraan). After being pacified by Kabir and reaching their destination, they meet an Anglo Indian named Laila (Katrina Kaif) on a beach. Imran flirts with her and makes Arjun jealous. Kabir reveals that he has chosen deep sea diving as their first sport, and they later find that Laila is their diving instructor. Arjun, who cannot swim and is aquaphobic, receives assistance from Laila. She helps him overcome his fears and finish the sport successfully. Upon a request by Laila, they attend the La Tomatina festival with her in Buñol and meet Nuria (Ariadna Cabrol), who falls in love with Imraan. Meanwhile, Natasha becomes suspicious of Kabir's involvement with Laila when she sees them via webcam and crashes his bachelor party trip, much to Kabir's discomfort in front of his friends. Imran spends time with Nuria, and Arjun with Laila. After the boys leave, Laila realises she has fallen in love with Arjun and chases them on a bike, not wanting to regret their partition if they do not meet in future. She and Arjun express their feelings for each other with a passionate kiss.
On the way to Seville, Kabir drops Natasha at the airport, while Arjun and Imran notice that something is wrong between them. The trio visit Seville for sky diving, Arjun's choice. During the task, Imraan is forced to confront his acrophobia and hesitates to take part. However, they complete it without any obstacles. After skydiving, the three men go to a bar and get into a fight with a stranger on whom they had tried to pull a prank. They are jailed after the fight. Salman Habib bails them out and takes them to his home. While speaking to Imraan, Salman reveals that he never wanted the responsibility of a married life with kids, while Imran's mother did, which is why he never contacted Imran. Imran, heartbroken, realises how his actions must have hurt Arjun four years back. He apologises to Arjun. Arjun, realising that Imran's apology is heartfelt, hugs him and forgives him.
The trio learn of the bull run in Pamplona, which is Imran's choice — baffling Kabir and Arjun. Imran calls up Laila, who comes along, surprising Arjun. When confronted by his friends, Kabir confesses to the other two that he is still not ready for a marriage, and that Natasha had gotten the wrong idea (of him proposing to her) on seeing the ring that he had bought for his mother as a birthday present. On the morning of the bull run, Imran suggests they make a pact to make a promise if they survive the event. Imran vows to publish his poetry (he is secretly a poet), Arjun vows to go to Morocco with Laila, and Kabir promises to tell Natasha that he does not want to marry her. As they complete the event, the friends gain a renewed sense of their relationships with each other, with others they know, and with themselves.
During the credits, Imran, Kabir, Nuria and Natasha are shown attending the wedding of Arjun and Laila in Morocco. Natasha is seen with a new man, and Kabir and Natasha are still friends. Imran's poems are revealed throughout the story after each sporting event showing that he had published them.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Singham opens with an honest police officer in Goa, Rakesh Kadam (Sudhanshu Pandey), committing suicide because of false accusations of corruption filed by Jaikant Shikre (Prakash Raj), a don and politician in Goa running various rackets like kidnapping, extortion and smuggling. Kadam's wife Megha Kadam (Sonali Kulkarni) vows revenge but cannot find any support or help from the police or Minister Anant Narwekar (Anant Jog).
The story moves to Shivgarh, a small village near the Goa-Maharashtra border. Bajirao Singham (Ajay Devgn), an honest Maratha police inspector like Kadam, is in charge of the Shivgarh police station. He resolves most of the problems in his town informally and without filing charge sheets, thereby gaining much reputation and love from the villagers. Gautam Bhosle a.k.a. Gotya (Sachin Khedekar) is an industrialist and a friend of Singham’s father Manikrao Singham (Govind Namdeo). He comes to Shivgarh with his wife and daughter Kavya (Kajal Aggarwal). Eventually Singham and Kavya fall in love with each other. Their courtship takes place through a series of comic events where she initially hates him and then has a change of heart when she sees his honest and simple nature.
Everything seems to run smoothly until Jaikant, who is given a conditional bail for a murder he had committed, is required to travel to Shivgarh to sign the bail every fortnight. He, instead, sends one of his allies to do the formalities, much to the fury of Singham who demands Jaikant sign the bail in person. Humiliated, Jaikant reaches Shivgarh but is unable to take any revenge on Singham fearing the wrath of villagers, who threaten to finish him off. Using his political contacts, he gets Singham transferred to Goa to take revenge.
Singham, unaware of Jaikant’s hand behind his transfer, joins Colva police station. His co-workers, Sub-Inspector Dev Phadnis (Vineet Sharma), Sub-Inspector Abbas Malik (Ankur Nayyar), Head Constable Savalkar (Ashok Saraf) hate Jaikant for his crimes but are unable to take any action because of Jaikant’s political powers. DSP Patkar (Murli Sharma), Singham's senior, is on Jaikant's payroll and takes care in concealing and eliminating the evidence of Jaikant’s crime from the eyes of the law. Singham tries to take this to the notice of DGP Vikram Pawar (Pradeep Velankar)) but it turns out to be of no use as there is no evidence against Jaikant and Patkar. The local minister Anant Narvekar (Anant Jog) does not help Singham and in turn, he warns him to stay away from Jaikant's case. Defeated Singham wants to return to his hometown but is stopped by Kavya and Megha Kadam, who encourage him to fight against the evil and not run away like a coward.
Being mentally tortured by Jaikant, Singham arrests Jaikant’s top lieutenant Shiva Nayak (Ashok Samarth) in a fake case of illegally smuggling alcohol. He thwarts off DSP Patkar in full view of the public when Patkar, bounded by his duties to Jaikant, tries to protect Shiva. Meanwhile, Megha Kadam, after being ridiculed by DGP Pawar and minister Narvekar for her innocent husband’s death, seeks help from Singham to absolve her late husband from the corruption charges . Jaikant kidnaps Kavya’s younger sister Anjali (Sana Amin Sheikh) for ransom. Rescuing her, Singham successfully traces the origins of the kidnapping racket to Jaikant but is unable to arrest him as he wins an election and is set to become a minister of Goa Govt.
Jaikant sends transfer orders to Singham to go back to Shivgarh within 24 hours. That night at a police function organized for the officers with their family, Singham confronts the officers for not abiding by their duties and being dishonest and unfaithful to their profession by protecting Jaikant. At first, the officers disagree with Singham, but filled with guilt, the officers decide to help Singham fight Jaikant. Soon, the entire Goa Police Force reach his home to kill him, with DGP Pawar and DSP Patkar, now in support of Singham. Jaikant eventually escapes but after running through the city, he is arrested by the police the next morning. They bring him to the police station and shoot him dead on the same chair where Inspector Rakesh Kadam had shot himself. Then they threaten Shiva to change his statement. Jaikant and Minister Narvekar are proved guilty. At a media conference, DGP Pawar and Singham clear late Kadam of all corruption charges.
The film ends with Singham and other police officers saluting Mrs.Megha Kadam.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Madhur Chaudhary (played by Mohnish Bahl) moves out of his rural home leaving his father alone after various disputes they have. Madhur re-locates to Delhi along with his wife, Komal, and daughter, Ria (played by Yuvika Chaudhary). Sixteen years later, Ria is now in college, while Madhur is an Investigator with Human Rights Department. He is asked to investigate a case in his village of alleged suicide of a couple, Veer and Surili. The locals, including the fathers of the couple, Daulat Singh and Sukhiram respectively, admit that the couple had killed themselves. After going in depth in his investigation Madhur finds out that the deaths are one of many that have taken place in a region that is still bound by Khap Panchayat. It dictates that couples cannot marry distant relatives nor can they have an inter-caste/inter-religious marriage. As he delves further into this issue, he ends up being attacked, is hospitalized and then subsequently dies. Komal and Ria move in with Madhur's father Omkar Singh Chaudhary (played by Om Puri) and eventually settle down in the village.
Omkar finds out that Ria is in love with fellow-collegian, Kush (played by Sarrtaj Gill), the son of South Africa-based Jagmohan and Saroj Mitter, and arranges their marriage. After the couple return from their honeymoon, they find themselves locked in the same inhumane customs.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is set during World War II and centres upon the letters written by Mohandas Gandhi (Avijit Dutt) to Adolf Hitler (Raghubir Yadav), and around the relationship of Hitler with his long-term lover Eva Braun (Neha Dhupia), whom he married in his final days in the Berlin bunker in which they died. The film depicts the difference between the ideologies of Gandhi and Hitler and claims the superiority of Gandhism over Nazism.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in 1980 Jamshedpur, Vedant is a simple boy studying at Loyola School Jamshedpur in 10th Std, who is in love with a police officer's daughter whose name is Jenny. Although, he is irritated by his rival named Ratan. He always comes to Jenny's house and tries to impress her father by touching his feet(Indian way of respecting elders). Vedant is always jealous of Ratan. Vedant's mother is a school teacher and his father is an engineer working in Tata Steel. His parents are quite irritated of the fact that he is not preparing for his board exam as his exams are right after Holi, which is around the corner.The same day, they get a telegram from Vedant's brother Vidur {who is deaf) telling that he finally is coming back from his hostel in Delhi after 4 years. The next day, they receive Vidur from the railway station.Vedant is quite delighted by seeing his brother. But one day, forgetting that Vidur is deaf, he closes the door of the house and goes outside. His parents come back and are shocked to see Vedant outside. They call a firefighter truck to use the ladder to get to their houses balcony so that the firefighter can open the door from inside. Mukund ( Vedant's father) is quite angry and makes a decision that Vidur will always go out with him.When he takes him outside, everyone starts laughing when they see the way he plays kabbadi. Vedant becomes angry and tries to hit them. Disgruntled with their treatment, they complain their father. His father goes downstairs and fin
-----------------------------------------------------------
Retired schoolmaster Mussaddi Lal Tripathi (Pankaj Kapoor), the quintessential "Common Man" troubled by his wife's serious illness takes her to the hospital where the utter negligence and vested interests of the doctors result in her untimely death. Mussaddi then along with his young unemployed, drifter son, Bunty (Gaurav Kapoor) he sets out for his pilgrimage to the four Holy sites for the immersion of his wife's ashes. In his absence, pension officers arrive at Mussaddi's house to enquire his status. Musaddi's neighbour Gupta tells them that Mussaddi has gone far away, and the Pension Officers interpret that Mussaddi Lal has expired, and report him dead in their files. When Mussaddi returns he discovers to his utter shock that he is dead according to Government Files. He tries his heart out to make the Pension Office staff believe that he is alive, but they are not convinced at all as they want proper proof.
Mussaddi Lal bemused and dejected by the irony of the situation sets out on his mission to gather proof that he is alive while the Pension Office employees resolve that whatever proof Mussaddi brings they will not allow him to be officially alive since they have already mopped up his pension money. Mussaddi decides to revolt in his own way and decides to take the law in his hands. Does Mussaddi finally get his justice or does he remain a dead victim of the bureaucracy? Can Mussaddi overcome the corrupt system and its officials and be triumphant, and alive, if so how?
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 2008, Deepak Kumar (Saif Ali Khan) is at an interview for the teacher's post at an affluent school. The interviewers turn him down when they discover his low-caste roots. Deepak relates the incident to his mentor, Dr. Prabhakar Anand (Amitabh Bachchan). Dr Anand, the legendary principal of renowned STM college, offers Deepak an interim job as a teacher at STM. Deepak is comforted by his friend, Sushant (Prateik Babbar), an upper-caste boy, and his girlfriend Poorvi (Deepika Padukone), who is Dr. Anand's daughter.
The state minister, Baburam, wishes to enroll his no-good nephew at STM. Dr. Anand however, turns him down. The minister decides to install his own man, Mithilesh Singh (Manoj Bajpayee), on the STM college board. Cunning and greedy, Mithilesh seeks only to enrich himself. The minister's grand ambition is to build a multi-billion educational conglomerate, and plans to use Mithilesh's outside business—a coaching class—for it.
The Supreme Court grants reservations for Other Backward Classes. A large crowd of STM students, boisterously celebrating the ruling, arrive at the gates of STM and start a ruckus. Sushant gathers a group of upper-caste boys and tries to drive off the revellers. Dr. Anand hauls Deepak and Sushant, but is shocked to find that Deepak has turned on him. Poorvi later confronts Deepak and orders him to apologise to her father, but he refuses, leading to their break-up.
The backward classes welcome reservations because it provides additional opportunities for education. The upper classes are against reservations because they do not believe in effectiveness of Reservation System. These arguments are played out between Sushant and Deepak. The moderate STM administrators are afraid that college-level reservations may create conflicts between the students. When asked by a reporter, Dr. Anand shares his personal opinion – that some form of reservation, free of politics and economics, is good for society. The next day's headlines scream that Dr. Anand favours reservations. The STM board is outraged; Dr. Anand is warned that Mithilesh will use this to oust him. Dr. Anand resigns from STM, and Mithilesh is appointed as the new principal. Sushant soon realizes that Dr. Anand's intention is not bad and that he does not have caste feeling.
Dr. Anand to his shock finds that his house is being used for K.K coaching classes, which is linked to Mithilesh. Earlier Dr. Anand signs an agreement that he will be the gaurantee for the bank loan taken by his friend, and allows his friend's sons to stay in that house for 2 years but they use it to earn money by allowing K.K coaching classes inside the house. Dr. Anand's house lands in civil court case and no lawyer is ready to go against Mithilesh. Meanwhile Deepak who is in USA finds that Dr. Anand has resigned from STM, immediately comes to India, enraged Deepak goes to that house and takes law into his own hands by trying to evacuate people related to K.K coaching classes. Police arrest Deepak, but later Deepak is released on bail by Sushant.
Dr Anand resolves to take out Mithilesh with the only weapon left: teaching. He approaches his friend, Shambhu the cowherd, and takes shelter at the tabela (cowshed). He begins teaching small groups of needy and backward students from the bastee (nearby neighbourhood), at the cowshed. His first success is Muniya (Aanchal Munjal), Shambhu's daughter who comes in first place at the board exam. Muniya's principal offers to send more students to Dr. Anand's tabela school. Deepak and Sushant return to Dr. Anand and join forces, teaching at the tabela school. The tabela students fare much better at the exams than their classmates. The tabela school's reputation grows and begins to draw away students at Mithilesh's coaching class.
Mithilesh responds by obtaining a legal permit to demolish the cowshed. The situation is diffused by the arrival of Shakuntala Tai, the reclusive magnate who started the STM institutions. She calls the chief minister, who promptly averts the destruction of the cowshed. Mithilesh is dismissed, and Dr. Anand is installed as the chief trustee of the STM and lifelong principal of the newly created STM Remedial Center.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with a person (presumed to be the protagonist) who goes to a guru in Manchester, who tells him that he has to pay for his crimes in this life and the next one too. That person then goes to the cellar of a Mansion called Dia Mansion, writes all that he has done on a letter, places it in a huge coffin-like box, and then shoots himself.
The next part of the film opens in modern-day UK, where the protagonist Dr. Kabir Malhotra (Rajneesh Duggal) is shown living happily with his wife Sia (Roshni Chopra). One day she goes missing without even a word. The worried doctor searches for her everywhere and questions everyone including her best friend Monica (Monica Agarwal) but does not find anything, until he comes across Disha, a musician and sooth sayer with special powers of premonition on touching objects who does that job for free. Initially Kabir insults her and rejects her, but later on being convinced by inspector Asif Sheikh (Parag Tyagi)about her authentic powers, he agrees to take her help.
With Sia gone, Kabir reflects on everything in the past- how he found Sia, how he had fought with other men at bars who went near her, how they had a good time.
Soon Disha and the police find that Sia had gone with Monica and somebody else in a car somewhere, and that car is found abandoned. Kabir and Disha go to Monica's house, only to find that she has been murdered.
The case takes an interesting turn when Disha happens to visualize something about Sia, which she does not tell Kabir because of her fear that it would be too shocking for him to accept. Soon Kabir and his parents get a call that Sia has been kidnapped, and the kidnapper asks for 1 million pounds from Kabir's parents.
The kidnappers ask Kabir to come alone to deliver the money through directions given to him time and again over phone. Kabir goes with transmitters fitted on him and the police tracking him, but these measures are rendered useless by the apparently smart criminals. Soon Kabir finds himself in a dance bar, where the bags are taken from him, but the criminals find that it is filled with only paper, and they beat him and threaten to kill his wife. Kabir chases them, only to be stopped by Disha who arrives at the scene. She tells him that she knows where his wife is.
Disha takes Kabir and the cops to Dia Mansion, where on searching they come across the cellar and the coffin box. Kabir opens it to find a skeleton and a worn out parchment. He reads all that was on it, and understand that this was written by none other than himself centuries ago. Kabir had at that time been deceived by a jealous friend of his into believing that his wife was unfaithful, and he murdered his wife and kept her in the coffin box. Later on knowing the truth, he was not able to forgive himself, so he had approached a guru, who told him that he will pay for his crimes now and in the next life, and told him what to do next. Kabir had then written everything and had shot himself at the cellar.
Soon the kidnappers send a disc to Kabir's family with a video of Sia being tortured as a warning not to call police, and this time Kabir is called to an isolated ship to pay up and take his wife.
On reaching the ship, Kabir goes alone, but Disha sees a gang of goons following him, senses danger and follows him secretly.
On the deck, Kabir meets with the greatest shock of his life when he sees his wife, hale and hearty waiting to meet him, with none other that her Englishman boyfriend, whom Kabir had once beaten in a bar for going to Sia. Apparently everything that has taken place has been an act and both have been involved in the entire drama. Sia shoots Kabir in the shoulder. She then tells him that she and the Englishman were lovers, and that her only interest in Kabir was in his father's money an property, for which she married him. She also admits that it was she who killed Monica as the latter was involved in the crime and knew all about it. They tell Kabir that on killing him, she will put up an act of innocence before his parents and later the property will be transferred to her.They also say they shall eliminate his parents.
As Kabir is going to be shot again, Disha breaks in and pushes the gun off Sia's hands. Kabir breaks fee and beats up all the goons. Disha is pushed off the ship and hangs on the deck margins. Kabir goes to save her, manages to pull her up, but gets stabbed by Sia's lover. Everyone flees the scene.
Sia arrives at Kabir's house and tries to convince his parents that he was killed by goons, but there comes Inspector Asif, who has come to know about everything, telling them the truth. He arrests Sia on charges of attempting to Murder Kabir and on charges of murdering Monica.
Now in hospital, in a critical condition and under surgery, Kabir's souls leaves his body and meets Guru, who tells him that he has faced the punishment for his crimes in the past, but he has also saved lives as a doctor, so the circle of karma is complete, and that he shall live.
The film ends in Goa, India, where Kabir arrives as a surprise guest at the house of Disha who has moved down to India. He says that he searched and found a picture of the past of him and his wife. His wife of the past happens to be none other than Disha herself. Disha says she knew this but was afraid to admit it as she feared falling in love again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Bumbling cop Chatur Singh (Sanjay Dutt) is sent on a special mission to South Africa to solve a high-profile case involving the murder of a politician and a cache of diamonds. But before he can redeem his botched-up career he must deal with a bunch of loonies which includes a crazy mafia don (Satish Kaushik), a weird taxi driver (Sanjai Mishra), a hysterical boss (Anupam Kher), and a pretty damsel in distress (Ameesha Patel).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sahi Dhandhe Galat Bande is the story of a gang composed of four friends: Rajbir (Parvin Dabas), Sexy (Vansh Bharadwaj), Ambani (Ashish Nayyar) and Doctor (Kuldeep Ruhil), who are given a job which will give them enough money to make all their dreams come true, but to achieve the same they will have to go against their conscience and the village, Kanjhawla, to which they belong. Goading them on to make this job successful is their boss, Fauji (Sharat Saxena), who stands to gain the most from the job’s success and realize his dreams of becoming a politician.
On the road to completing this mission they come across a multitude of crazy characters which includes a guru and his wrestlers, a bunch of smart ass kids, a raging Chief Minister (Kiran Juneja), a Scheming Businessman (Anupam Kher), the Leader of the villagers (Yashpal Sharma (actor)), an angry Aunt (Neena Kulkarni), a college going Athlete (Udit Khurana) and a photographer Girlfriend (Tena Desae) who wants to move on with her life, while dealing with a boss who wants them to break his opponents legs and make mobile videos of it for evidence!
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with accidental death of Kisnya (younger brother of the villain), who insists that Shabri be handed over to Police for the murder of Inspector Khare, which Murad ( a friendly neighbor of Shabri family who is a bookie ) forcefully opposes. Shabri is guilty of murder of a wicked police inspector (Khare) who tried to rape her in police station in front of her younger brother who is already tortured enough by Khare ( the film shows perhaps the most dreadful third-degree sequence ever ! ) After which, Murad and Shabri (now both murderers) run away from Mumbai to a farmhouse uptown, but are nevertheless traced by Rajdar bhau's gang (who is even helped by a corrupt officer named Inspector Kadam). There is a shoot out. Murad gets shot and is captured by the gang (he will be later put to death with two dozen bullets by angry Rajdar Bhau (who is dying to avenge his younger brother's death)). Shabri is taken to Kadam's flat where the shamelessly drunk officer tries to rape her but Shabri again somehow manages to run away after shooting Kadam in foot and breaking his forehead with a bottle of beer.
Now another friend of the late Murad namely Vilas helps her. Here an interesting character, Irfan Kazi (played by Zakir Hussain) enters the story, interesting because it is not possible to make out if he is good or evil. Nevertheless, he is an "encounter cop" ( now a fixed theme in Hindi crime films ) who is fed up with killing criminals and wishes to do something more creative for his own entertainment. This he does by giving Shabri inside knowhow of Rajdar Bhau's gang where unknown to the egotist Rajdar almost every one, by now fed up with selfishness of their boss, is standing on brink of rebellion. In the dramatic climax when Shabri at last comes face to face with Rajdar bhau, the audience is shocked to learn that Shabri is not there to beg for mercy but to kill Rajdar bhau ! Each gangster standing around them are now friends of Shabri and ready to kill Rajdar at her signal - their guns are pointed at Rajdar bhau (using her leadership qualities and Kazi's contacts she has convinced all of them that their future and well being is now in getting rid of Rajdar bhau and reorganizing under Shabri's being their chief under whom they will all work as equal partners ). The role played by Anshul Joshi is very influential and astonishing
-----------------------------------------------------------
Simmi (Deepshikha), 35, is independent and beautiful, she runs a dance academy for a living. she is divorced and left with 2 children to look after, the only problem is the societal pressures that ask her to remarry. She is clear that only if a man accepts her children, will she marry.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Lovely Singh (Salman Khan) is assigned as Divya's (Kareena Kapoor) bodyguard to protect her from goons hunting her to take revenge against her father, a kind and successful politician. Lovely is very devoted to his duties—but irritates Divya by following her everywhere. Divya and her friend Maya (Hazel Keech) call Lovely; with Divya pretending to be Chaya, a girl madly in love with Lovely, hoping this will distract him from his work.
Initially hesitant, Lovely gradually starts loving the mysterious Chhaya and looks forward to her calls, but doesn't realize that it is actually Divya. Meanwhile, Lovely protects Divya on many occasions from the attacks of Ranjan Mahatre and his goons. Soon, Divya too falls in love with Lovely but is scared to reveal her identity, due to Lovely's immense devotion and loyalty toward his duties and her father. Divya, as Chhaya, later tells Lovely to run away with her and meet her at a railway station. Her father, Sartaj, begins suspecting that Lovely and Divya are in love and they might elope so he sends his men to kill Lovely. Divya convinces her father that Lovely's lover is someone else who is waiting for him at the railway station. Sensing that Lovely might be heartbroken if he does not meet his Chhaya, Divya sends Maya to tell Lovely her true identity. However, when Lovely sees Maya running toward him, he believes she is Chhaya. Maya tries to tell him that Divya is Chhaya, but sees one of Sartaj's men in the compartment, waiting for her to answer Lovely. She tells Lovely that she is Chhaya. Divya calls Maya but Maya gets on the train with Lovely and throws her phone away instead of returning to her friend.
Lovely and Maya marry and have a son but Maya unexpectedly dies early from a disease. Several years later, Sartaj invites Lovely and his son to his house and apologizes for his behaviour. Lovely believed that Divya was happily married in London so he is shocked to see her still living in the house, unmarried. His son, who knows of his mother's betrayal from a diary Maya had left him, explaining what she had done and that her early death was the punishment for her betrayal of her friend, grows close to Divya and apologizes to her on his mother's behalf.
On their last day of their visit, Lovely's son asks Divya to accompany him as his mother. Infuriated, Lovely tells his son to apologize but Sartaj tells Lovely that he feels the same and requests him to take Divya with him. Lovely accepts. At the railway station, Lovely's son secretly throws away Maya's diary into the trash, having completed his mission. However, Lovely sees him and takes the diary from the trash. Upon reading it, he discovers that Divya was his actual love, Chhaya, and that Maya had lied. He calls Divya on her mobile and addresses her as Chhaya. Divya is overwhelmed with joy, realizing Lovely finally knows the truth, and the couple are united.
-----------------------------------------------------------
That Girl in Yellow Boots is a thriller tracing Ruth (Kalki Koechlin), a British woman who has lost her sister to suicide. She comes to Mumbai to search for her father – a man she hardly knew but cannot forget, due to a letter he had written to her, asking her to seek him out. Without a work permit, desperation drives her to work at a massage parlour, where she offers both standard massages and "happy endings". Torn between several schisms, Mumbai becomes the alien but yet strangely familiar backdrop for Ruth's quest. She struggles to find her independence and space even as she is sucked deeper into the labyrinthine politics of the city's underbelly. She starts dating a drug addict Prashant (Prashant Prakash), who is simultaneously her saviour and tormentor. A city that feeds on her misery, a love that eludes her and above all, a devastating truth that she must encounter. After numerous encounters with people, almost all of whom are depicted as needing to be serviced by her, she discovers that her father is one of her regular clients, who knew all along that she was his daughter. In what is possibly seen as a commentary on the cult of godmen in India, her father is shown as one such member of a religious cult, and views having sex with his daughter as an expression of his love. The film ends with Ruth hanging up her yellow boots, her quest having come to a shocking end.
-----------------------------------------------------------
When Luv (Ali Zafar) has a bad break-up with his girlfriend Piyali (Tara D’Souza), he insists his younger brother Kush (Imran Khan) to find him a bride. Kush travels all over India to find a bride, who is suitable for his brother. However, he and his friends are initially unsuccessful. Then enters Dimple (Katrina Kaif), an outgoing & loud youngster who Kush knew through friends. Kush decides Dimple is the perfect bride, and after meeting each other, Dimple and Luv agree to the marriage. Dimple's brother wants them to get married at a place at Agra, from where the Taj Mahal is visible.
During the wedding preparations however, Kush and Dimple realize they have fallen in love with each other. They come up with hilarious, crazy plans to get married, but fail in every attempt. Dimple then calls Piyali and makes her believe that Luv is still in love with her. Luv then realises that he does truly love Piyali and the two elope. When Dimple's father Dilip Dixit (Kanwaljit Singh) and Kush's father Colonel (Parikshat Sahni) find this out, they figure that the only way to protect their respect and pride is to agree Kush and Dimple to get married. However, Kush and Dimple lay out a condition: if Luv and Piyali can be accepted into the house, Kush will marry Dimple. The condition is accepted. In the end, Kush-Dimple and Luv-Piyali, the two lovebirds get married properly in a ceremony and are accepted joyously. During Kush-Dimple's wedding, Dimple arrives on the horse instead of Kush.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The main story of the film spans over a period 10 years, from 1992 to 2002 and includes references to Demolition of Babri Masjid, Bombay Riots, 1993 Bombay bombings, Kargil War, 9/11 attacks and Post-Godhra Riots.
Mausam is the story of two lovers, Harinder Singh, known as Harry (Shahid Kapoor) and Aayat (Sonam Kapoor). Harry is a happy-go-lucky Punjabi guy, whereas Aayat is a Kashmiri girl. In 1992, the two meet and fall in love at Mallukot, Punjab, where Harry's family is from. But before they get to spend some time together, Aayat leaves for Mumbai with her uncle and aunt; and Harry joins the Indian Air Force. In 1999, Harry, now a Squadron Leader meets Aayat in Scotland, where they get closer once again. However, before their marriage, the Kargil occupation happens in Kashmir, and Harry is called back to India to fight in the war, fate separating them once more. After this separation, they begin to long for each other. Harry paralyses his left arm during a special mission in the Tiger Hill. They both want to speak to each other but fate always brings them closer and then separates them again. At the end, in Ahmedabad during post-Godhra riots, they finally find each other and decide to settle down with an orphan child rescued by Harry from the riot which also results in his arm cured, with a child of their own on the way.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Breakaway, or Speedy Singhs (the Hindi version of the movie), is the story of Rajveer Singh (Vinay Virmani), a young and dedicated teenager who gave up college halfway through due to his lack of interest, one of the many conflicts between him and his father Darvesh. Rajveer and Darvesh had never gotten along; though the family is Sikh, due to a childhood incident, Rajveer has taken his turban off since a very small age. Rajveer still meets up with his Sikh friends, and when they get the time, they play hockey as a hobby. One day, while practising hockey, a few players on the Hammerheads insult the Singhs, and Rajveer and his friends beat the other players at hockey. Realizing how good they are, Rajveer decides to make a hockey team with his friends.
His father completely disagrees with this, and forbids him to ever play hockey again. Unwilling to take the sorrow, his friends convince him to join the team, and all together, they name their team, "Speedy Singhs". The Speedy Singhs turn out to be a huge commercial success, but they need to get into the Hyundai Cup championship to earn real fame, so using the help of Coach Dan Winters (Rob Lowe), they all start practicing day and night for the tournament. Rajveer lies to his family by telling them he is working extra at his job, but never has the courage to tell them that he plays in his own hockey team. The tournament begins, and during the first match Rajveer is caught by his businessman uncle, Sammy (Gurpreet Ghuggi). Sammy promises not to tell Darvesh, and so goes on the tournament with Speedy Singhs.
Whilst playing, Rajveer falls in love with Dan Winters' little sister, Melissa (Camilla Belle). The two love each other, and keep on meeting. A night before the hockey finals, Rajveer lies to his father and says he is going to New York for a job delivery, though his father spots him playing hockey in the semi-finals. When a night out celebrating with the team ends poorly, Raj winds up arguing with his father, losing his position as captain after arguing with the coach, and quitting the team. Though the Speedy Singhs make it to the finals against the Hammerheads without Raj, Melissa reveals that the Speedy Singhs must wear helmets, which they cannot do unless they remove their turbans. Inspired by the story of why Sikh men wear turbans, Raj obtains special helmets that will accommodate the team's turbans and pays for the legal fees to allow the special helmets. He apologizes to Dan and the Speedy Singhs for his selfishness and they accept him back.
The day of the finals coincides with Raj's cousin Sonu's wedding, which many of the Speedy Singhs are attending. When Sonu thanks all the guests, he brings up how the Speedy Singhs have become a source of pride for the community and encourages everyone to attend the finals. Rajveer explains his passion about hockey to his father. Though still angry, Darvesh lets him go but refuses to go to the game. The Speedy Singhs do well in the game until the Hammerheads tie the game at the end of the third period, forcing overtime. Darvesh, after listening to the game at the temple, arrives at the arena to show his support. Rajveer, with his father's acceptance, makes the winning goal and the Speedy Singhs win the game and later on hugs Darvesh in the rink.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with ACP Yashvardhan. IPS (John Abraham) a.k.a. Yash, in the hospital, recalling the accident that changed his life forever. Yash is a dutiful, responsible and stone-hearted police officer in the Narcotics Control Bureau whose only passion in life is crime-fighting. He has no family or loved ones and has been alone in life since he can remember. Everything changes when Yash meets Maya (Genelia D'Souza), an independent and lovely woman. Though the two get off to a rocky start, Maya warms up to him once she realises he is a police officer, and apologises for the misunderstandings they had. When Maya gets hit by a car in front of Yash, he rushes her to the hospital. With that, the two bond and start to meet and go out regularly. Maya confesses her love to Yash, but Yash refutes her advances, as he does not want her to become his weakness in his professional life. However, Swati (Sandhya Mridul), the wife of Yash's coworker and good friend, convinces Yash that he is in love with Maya as well and Yash decides to get married to her.
In the big drug case the unit is investigating, Yash, along with officers from the Narcotics Control Bureau, DSP Mahesh Pande (Ameet M Gaur) who is transferred on special duty from the New Delhi Income Tax Department, DSP Atul Kalseka (Mohnish Bahl) and Inspector Kamlesh, kills Reddy (Mukesh Rishi) while he is peddling drugs. Yash, Mahesh & Kamlesh are suspended for killing Reddy instead of arresting him. Reddy's heartless and aggressive brother Vishnu (Vidyut Jamwal) vows to avenge his brother's death by killing all of the officers. Yash and the other officers prepare themselves for Vishnu, but Vishnu successfully breaks into Mahesh's home and brutally murders him after raping his wife Rachana (Anaitha Nair). The event leaves Yash and the other officers shaken but Yash and Maya's marriage take place. Meanwhile, Vishnu decides to attack each of the officers' weaknesses; he kidnaps Swati, Atul's wife, and Atul is forced to tell him where Yash will be that night. Yash and Maya consummate their marriage; however, this proves to be their first and last night together.
Yash is shot and Maya is kidnapped in the attack. Yash miraculously survives the attack. Vishnu tells Atul that he will release Swati if Atul kills Yash. However, Atul cannot bring himself to kill his friend and instead joins forces with Yash to execute a plan against Vishnu and savVishnu has been keeping Maya and Swati hostage and find, in horror, that Swati has been murdered. In despair and heartbreak, Atul kills himself after seeing Swati's body. Yash and Kamlesh go together and face Vishnu in a final confrontation. Kamlesh is shot but survives. Vishnu shoots Maya in front of Yash and drops her from the second floor. Yash catches her but is unable to save her. Maya assures Yash that she has gotten her wish of being with him and dies in Yash's arms. Anger and sorrow build up in Yash and he brutally finishes off Vishnu, exacting his revenge.
At the end, Yash is shown living alone again, having returned to his professional life. Kamlesh calls Yash and tells him that he has found a new informer. Yash turns to Maya's photo before leaving and says that he'll be coming home late.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Hum Tum Shabana is a comedy movie revolving around three characters, played by Tusshar Kapoor, Shreyas Talpade and Minissha Lamba. The two men compete to woo the woman, but then it turns into a desperate battle to lose her. Despite gaining negative reviews the film did good business and was declared an above average grosser.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tere Mere Phere is a story about a newly married couple, Pooja and Rahul, who have a perfect love affair and a perfect marriage and set out on a perfect dream honeymoon in a motor home, driving through the breath taking Himalayas … but then can life ever be perfect?! If "distance makes the heart grow fonder" then too much proximity should have the reverse effect! And it does ... As Pooja and Rahul get too close for comfort, the gilt of romance begins to rub off, a series of absurd fights follow and soon they get embroiled with a local Himachali small town guy ( Vinay Pathak) and his girl Muskaan, the "Pahadi Mirch" (Riya Sen).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Chetan Chauhan (Sanjay Dutt) and Bhagat Bhosle (Ajay Devgan) are two con artists, who have recently robbed Anthony Gonsalves (Arjun Rampal). Bhagat first meets Anthony and steals his suitcase, covering it up with a fake suitcase of his own, and tries to leave with it, but the real suitcase accidentally comes out of the fake one, causing Anthony to chase Bhagat, who escapes. When Anthony goes to his car, he finds out that someone stole it. Chetan takes the car to a dealer, who changes the color of the car to fool Anthony in case he comes.
The two cons meet each other on a flight to Bangkok. Bhagat brags to Chetan that he is going to meet a girl named Dolly(Lisa Haydon), who he has paid for 4 nights and 3 days. Bhagat even tells Chetan the code word for meeting Dolly. When they reach the airport in Bangkok, both rob each other, but only Chetan is successful, as he gets Bhagat's cash and expensive watch, while Bhagat gets Chetan's fake wallet with fake money and fake credit cards. The two become enemies since then. But both meet again when their eyes fall on Khushi (Kangana Ranaut). Chetan lies that he is a donor, who helps the needy, while Bhagat acts to be a blind man, who was once a Navy officer. Both of them play foul tricks to get Khushi, which leads to disastrous results! Later, Bhagat gets hurt in an accident with his motorbike, and claims that the shock repaired his eyesight. After a party, Bhagat, Khushi, and Chetan go to a church while they are drunk, where they meet father Pascal (Satish Kaushik).
Khushi says she wants to marry both Bhagat and Chetan, but Father Pascal says that only one will marry Khushi, and the two must fight each other in the ring. The two fight, while accidentally hitting Father Pascal in the process. Chetan and Bhagat eventually get unconscious, and wake up to find Pascal beaten up(by the cons themselves), and Khushi is missing. Soon, Anthony greets the two cons, and tells them that he has kidnapped Khushi. If they want her, they need to give him the money that they stole from him in 24 hours. The two first go to a local bank in Bangkok, and tries to tell the bankers to give them money. The bankers get confused by what they mean, and tells them about their loan policy. Soon, a group of real robbers come to the bank. One of them insults Bhagat and Chetan, and the two fight back, taking out all the robbers in the process. As the cons try to leave with the cash, a banker stops them and asks for it back. Later, they steal money dressed as Santa, and goes to Anthony's plane. Anthony gives them Khushi. When the cons ask Khushi who does she love more, she goes straight to Anthony. The two cons were actually conned by Anthony, Khushi(Anthony's girlfriend), Father Pascal(Khushi's real father),and BBC(A friend of Anthony).
Later when Anthony reaches back home in India, he realizes that Bhagat and Chetan had stole from his own home to give him the ransom money, thus conning him of his own cash.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Love Breakups Zindagi is a movie that does not try to answer the question related to love, breakups and life.
Jai (Sam) (Zayed Khan) and Naina (Dia Mirza) are almost "settled" in their life but missing something or someone who will complete them. Jai feels that magic and serendipity have passed him by. Naina is a successful photographer and has taught herself that a less than fulfilling life is enough for her. But is it?
Govind (Cyrus Sahukar) has a colourful past and is on his way to another major, seemingly all wrong relationship. But what if this 'mistake' is the love he has been looking for all his life? Sheila (Tisca Chopra) has stayed single for a long time waiting for Mr. Perfect. When he does appear, will she take her chance at love, look beyond the odds that divide to see what binds them in a perfect whole?
Ritu (Umang Jain) lives on breakups and ice cream. Will she ever find a man and share a beginning and not just a closure? Arjun (Satyadeep Misra) and Gayatri (Auritra Ghosh) are the perfect couple on the brink of a dream wedding. Will their love inspire the others to listen to their heart? Dhruv (Vaibhav Talwar) and Radhika (Pallavi Sharda) are driven workaholics ignoring the small text of their lives. Will they wake up to see what they have missed in their desire for everything?
The characters try to find personal truths, shed illusions, laugh, cry, grow and learn the biggest lesson of all: That even if you don't go looking for love, it will come looking for you.
-----------------------------------------------------------
University students Vishal (Saqib Saleem) and Preity (Saba Azad) hate each other. Vishal’s good looking best friend Rahul (Nishant Dahiya) is a singer and is pretty popular amongst the girls in their college. Vishal writes the lyrics for Rahul’s songs but never takes any credit for it. Preity is the president of the Photography Club. Preity’s good looking friend Malvika, (Tara D’Souza) is a fashion designing student. Malvika’s parents live abroad leading to her stay with Preity and her mom. Rahul ignores a lot of friend requests from girls on social networking sites i.e. Facebook and Malvika; being the female version of him, ignores a lot of requests from guys. Vishal likes Malvika and Preity likes Rahul. Vishal sends a friend request to Malvika through his own in Rahul's account. Malvika, as usual ignores both the friend requests (Thinking Rahul is desperate- He sent her a request just after 1 meet). Preity,;after Malvika leaves, uses her account and accepts the friend request from Rahul. Vishal starts talking to Malvika pretending to be Rahul. But, he is actually talking to Preity, who is pretending to be Malvika and thinking that she's talking to Rahul. Vishal and Preity are busted by their friends and they request their friends Rahul and Malvika to go on a date. Rahul and Malvika starts liking each other after seeing that they have a lot in common. They go on a double date, Malvika with Vishal and Preity with Rahul. The college is celebrating its silver jubilee. The theme for the festival is a photographic documentary (idea of Preity) of the romantic history of the college (idea of Vishal). Vishal and Preity have to work together, sorting their differences. They have a lot in common; they are both immature and bicker a lot. Slowly, after spending time together they both sort out there previous differences and gradually become good friends. At Rahul's birthday party, Vishal finds Rahul kissing Malvika. On seeing this, an enraged Vishal tells Malvika that it was he who had chatted on Facebook with her and not Rahul. It is soon discovered that Preity too, has overheard the conversation. This angers her, resulting in her telling him that it was not Malvika but her who chatted with him. She admits that she had fallen in love with him but Vishal is still angry at what he considers his friend Rahul's betrayal. At the College's Silver Jubilee festival, Vishal finally realizes his mistake and tells Preity that he loves her during the event on stage ending up in them kissing, celebrating the new generation of romance.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Twenty-something Michael Pinto (Prateik) has grown up in a small Goan village, believing everyone in the world to be simple, kind and honest, just like him. His world revolves around a doting mother, a passion for music and the memories of a childhood friend, Sameer, who left Goa for Mumbai many years ago and hasn't replied to his frequent letters ever since. Pinto's talent for music is only matched by his knack for finding trouble in the unlikeliest of places often resulting in the most outlandish and hilarious situations.
When Pinto's idyllic world is shattered by the sudden demise of his mother he decides to head to Mumbai in search of the only friend he knows. Will Pinto find Sameer or will trouble find him first? Will Pinto and his crazy antics survive the big bad city or more importantly, will Mumbai survive a phenomenon called Pinto?
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with a suicide bombing attack in Germany at a peace conference where Indian Home Minister (Sachin Khedekar) is affected by an unknown virus. In RAW headquarters, Sofiya (Amber Rose Revah) joins the investigation. RAW HQ is threatened by a threat who calls himself Doctor. In HQ, army officer Aazaan Khan (Sachiin J Joshi) is interrogated about the case because of his brother's, Aman Khan, involvement as a terrorist in the suicide bombings.
Aazaan is deployed in Waziristan to infiltrate the enemy force and to find the whereabouts of his brother. He travels from country to country to find the culprits and even becomes one of them to gain their confidence. Aazaan comes across two Pakistanis from whom he soon finds the whereabouts of the kingpin, the Doctor. The Doctor has taken hold of Mahfouz (Dalip Tahil) and has seized the cure for the virus from him, so now he has both the weapon and its antidote. He knows that Aazaan is with the cops, and both are led to be killed in the marketsquare. Aazaan breaks free and tries to rescue the scientist, but it's too late. Before being detonated by a strapped bomb, he tells Aazaan to find a sand artist in Morocco and a girl with her, as they have the cure for the virus.
Aazaan escapes and runs to Morocco, where he finds the sand artist Aafreen, who is taking care of an orphaned girl. Aafreen knows about Aazaan and his missing brother Aman. Soon both fall in love. But the terrorists follow Aazaan in Morocco too, and the three of them decide to escape to India at the earliest so that the child's blood can be used to make a cure for the virus in India.
As they are waiting for Sam Sharma to turn up in the chopper, Aazaan, Aafreen and the girl face a rude shock when Sam pulls out a gun and shoots Aafreen. The child is forcefully taken away, and Aazaan is captured and led away. Apparently Sam was a traitor working on the side of the Doctor.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jenny Nair (Shahana Goswami), an employee of London-based company Barron Industries, introduces a new technology that allows objects from the digital world to enter the real world using the wireless transmissions from multiple devices. Shekhar Subramanium (Shah Rukh Khan), a game designer who also works at Barron Industries, has delivered a number of commercial failures; an irate Barron (Dalip Tahil) gives him his last chance to develop a successful game. To impress his sceptical son Prateek (Armaan Verma), and upon the request of his wife Sonia (Kareena Kapoor), Shekhar uses his son's idea that the antagonist should be more powerful than the protagonist. His colleague, computer programmer Jenny uses Shekhar's face as a model for that of the game's protagonist G.One (Shah Rukh Khan) (Technically Good One and in Hindi Jeevan, which means life), while the shape-shifting antagonist Ra.One (Technically Random Access Version One and in Hindi Ravan, a mythical demon) is made faceless. Another colleague, Akashi (Tom Wu), implements the characters' movements. The game, named Ra.One, contains three levels, the final level being the only one in which either character can be killed. Each character possesses a special device – the H.A.R.T (Hertz Amplifying Resonance Transmitter) which gives them their powers. Upon reaching the last level, the characters gain a gun with one bullet; the other character can be killed by this bullet but only if his H.A.R.T is attached.
When Ra.One undergoes final tests, Akashi notices unusual glitches but chooses to ignore them. When the game is officially launched, it receives a standing ovation from the audience; an enamored Prateek insists on playing it immediately. He logs in under the ID Lucifer and proceeds to the second level, but is interrupted by Akashi. Ra.One, unable to end his turn with Lucifer and angry that a player has proceeded so far, becomes determined that Lucifer will die. He uses a wireless technology (which Jenny had introduced in a conference) to enter the real world, a process which causes the mainframe to malfunction. Akashi informs Shekhar, who partially understands the situation and rushes home, fearing for his son's life. Meanwhile, Ra.One murders Akashi and assumes his appearance; he goes to find Lucifer, and meets Shekhar in the process. In an attempt to save his son, Shekhar claims that he is Lucifer, but his lie is exposed when Ra.One scans his identity card. Consequently, Ra.One kills Shekhar and makes it look like a car accident.
Sonia, devastated after Shekhar's death, tells Prateek that the family will return to India after Shekhar's funeral. A suspicious Prateek notices digital patterns on the fateful road and realises that Ra.One has come to life. He convinces Jenny of the same when they see the destroyed game laboratory, and the latter tries to bring G.One into the real world. Meanwhile, Ra.One, having taken the form of Akashi, kills Akashi's mother viciously at his family home and chases the family on their way to the airport, but G.One enters the real world and causes a gas explosion which temporarily destroys Ra.One. G.One takes Ra.One's H.A.R.T. and accompanies the family to Mumbai after Sonia realises that she needs him.
Subsequently, Ra.One returns to life, takes the form of a billboard model (Arjun Rampal), and tracks down G.One to Prateek's birthday party. Hypnotising Sonia, he assumes her form to kidnap Prateek. Ra.One then instructs G.One to give him his H.A.R.T. back, and sends the real Sonia in a malfunctioning local train. The train crashes into the Chatrapati Shivaji Terminus, but G.One saves Sonia and others in time. To save Prateek, he returns to the virtual world and fights Ra.One; both reach the third level, the former left with little power. G.One tricks Ra.One into shooting him without his H.A.R.T. attached, leaving Ra.One helpless; furious, the latter creates ten copies of himself. Prateek, unable to identify the real Ra.One, asks G.One to quote Shekhar: "If you join the forces of evil, its shadows shall always follow you". The duo realise that only one of the ten Ra.Ones has a shadow: the original one. G.One shoots and destroys him, absorbs Ra.One's remains and disappears.
Six months later, Prateek and Sonia return to London, where the former manages to restore G.One to the real world.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is about a girl named Tanya (Esha Deol) who learns that she was adopted by Colonel Ravi Kapoor and his wife when he rescued her from a burning hospital. This leads Tanya to go on a journey in search of her biological parents. She travels across the globe to find them. The first man she visits is a ruler of a patriarchal district in Rajasthan where female infanticide is common (played by Vinod Khanna) named Abhay Rana Pratap Singh. However, it is revealed that Manjuri (Abhay Singh's niece) is his actual daughter since her nanny had hidden the truth from everyone. Even Rana Pratap hadn't known that his wife had given birth to a baby girl before dying in a fire.
Tanya then travels to Turkey to meet Altaf Zardari (played by Rishi Kapoor). Zardari and his non-Indian wife live a peaceful life, but the wife doesn't remember losing her baby girl in the fire that demolished the hospital Tanya was born in. Tanya helps her regain her memory about the incident and accept her daughter's death, thinking that all the while she might be their true daughter. Since that's not the case, heart-broken Tanya returns to India to her foster parents.
She then embarks on one last mission to find her father; this time it's Tony Castello (played by Dharmendra), a mafia leader. Initially doubtful of her, Tony meets up with his ex-flame, Susan (Hema Malini), who is now a nun. Eventually, after a gang fight, Tony accepts Tanya as his daughter and the movie ends with Tanya and her best friend (Arjan Bajwa) marrying in a church, with all four of Tanya's fathers walking her up the aisle.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Damadamm is about the life of Sameer (Himesh Reshammiya), a writer who writes scripts for Indian films. He works with his girlfriend, Shikha (Purbi Joshi) at the industry. Shikha is totally over-possessive over Sameer, and suspects him all the time. Due to a speciallity, Sameer can't dump her either. He has no idea how to get rid of Shikha's suspicion, until one day her family invites her over for a relatives' wedding. She leaves for a few weeks, and until then, Sameer gets his total freedom. He drinks; parties and even flirts with random girls. One day, enters a new girl into his office, Sanjana (Sonal Sehgal) and its love at first-sight for both of them. The two are then assigned to work together on a film, but Sameer has to be careful, as Sanjana is his boss' younger sister. Whilst working together, Sameer and Sanjana start to fall in love.
During this, Sameer even starts to ignore Shikha's phone calls. Getting fed up, Shikha arrives back home, when she sees how close Sameer and Sanjana have gotten within 15 days she gets jealous, causing an argument with Sameer and the two break up. She then starts friendship with Sameer, after his boss arranges for Sameer and Sanjana's wedding. But before the wedding Sameer eventually realises he truly loved Shikha and can't live without her, so he breaks the marriage with Sanjana. Therefore, his boss sacks him, whereas Sameer replies that he would rather pick his girlfriend Shikha then his work. Sameer manages to convince Shikha to give him another chance.
Later the boss rehires both Sameer & Shikha and even throws them a party. (The film ends with celebrations and the song "Umrao Jaan").
-----------------------------------------------------------
Loot revolves around the misadventures of four criminals comprising Builder (Sunil Shetty), Pandit (Govinda), Akbar (Jaaved Jaaferi) and Wilson (Mahakshay Chakraborty) who work for one Batliwala (Dalip Tahil). The four rogues are sent on a mission to Pattaya to rob a house filled with priceless valuables. However, the quartet soon discover that the house they have been sent to rob belongs to a dreaded don named Lalla Bhatti (Mahesh Manjrekar), an unpleasant sod who doesn't think twice about breaking his own brother's arm (Shehzad Khan) for an unpaid debt. If robbing a don's residence was not enough, the quarter also manage to get in the way of a 'poetic' spouting Intelligence agent VP Singh (Ravi Kissen) keeping tabs on the don, an underworld patriarch Khan (Prem Chopra) and an East Asian thug named Asif trying to trace his stolen car. Pretty soon, all the characters of the film are pulled in a cat and mouse game with each other, with some audio tapes containing some damning conversations being the prize of the game. In the climax, the quartet, with some help by a local hustler Varinder (Mika Singh) and his moll Sharmili (Kim Sharma) manage to set off the bad guys against each other. But soon enough, it is revealed that Batliwala was behind the whole thing, and wanted to set the quartet up to get revenge on his brother who is now in jail because of them. The quartet manage to save themselves and hire Khan to murder Batliwala.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Chirag comes from a wealthy background and assists his father, Siddharth Mehra, to maintain their farmland. His parents have been divorced due to incompatibility arising mainly due to his businesswoman mother, Shalini's hatred of tennis, and he lives with them every alternate month. Both would like him to get married, and accordingly Shalini picks London-based Kamiah, while Siddharth picks Bhatinda-based Manjeet Ahluwalia. Chirag, who sneaks off to practice tennis at night, is asked to make a choice but informs them that he is in love with a model named Anishka. Watch what happens when the displeased couple decide to confront and put pressure on a struggling and unknowing klutz-like Anishka to leave their son alone.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A large crowd gathers outside the Verona Arena in Italy, with eager fans queuing to watch the performance of Jordan (Ranbir Kapoor), a rock musician. Despite being mobbed, Jordan manages to escape and reach the arena. He shows a complete disregard for his fans, storms onto the stage in a fit of rage and starts strumming angrily on his guitar.
A flashback reveals the story of Jordan, whose real name is Janardhan Jhakar a.k.a. JJ, a simple Jat boy from, Delhi. He is a student at Hindu College who dreams of becoming an international star, and this dream is often laughed at by his friends and class mates. Khatana(Kumud Mishra), the canteen owner, tells JJ that the only way a meaningful melody can be produced is by undergoing trauma via a heartbreak. JJ jokingly tells himself that since he hasn't yet seen bad times, he won't be able to reach his idol's (Jim Morrison) level of fame. He goes to the performance of Heer Kaul (Nargis Fakhri), a beautiful Kashmiri Pandit girl from St. Stephens College, and overhears that she is the "perfect heartbreaking machine". Instantly deciding to propose to her, he suffers humiliation, which he deciphers as the perfect method for receiving the heart-break needed to achieve stardom. However, over time they become good friends, often going on fun adventures together and sometimes engaging in behavior which the conservative JJ thinks is risky.
Heer becomes engaged to Jai (Moufid Aziz) and ultimately marries him in Kashmir, after which the couple depart to Prague. During this time, she develops feelings for JJ and coins the nickname "Jordan" for him before leaving. JJ returns home finds himself thrown out by his elder brother for attending Heer’s wedding and allegedly stealing ₹5,00,000 - something which he did not do. He takes refuge for two months in the nearby Nizamuddin Dargah, singing qawwalis, and then moves into Khatana's home.
Ustad Jameel Khan (Shammi Kapoor), a Padma Bhushan classical artist, remembers JJ singing at the Dargah, and prompts Dhingra (Piyush Mishra), the owner of "Platinum Records", to sign JJ as a future star. Sheena (Aditi Rao Hydari), a journalist, interviews JJ and hints to him that Dhingra intends to send some artists to Prague for a tour and recordings. JJ instantly volunteers to work there, in the hopes of reuniting with Heer. During this time, JJ is slowly gaining fame and transforming his public persona into 'Jordan'.
Heer, meanwhile, suffers from continuous spurts of health problems. She meets JJ in Prague and they reconnect, but when he tries to profess his love for her, Heer, being married, spurns his advances. JJ tries to visit Heer one last time before she departs to India, but in doing so, he is arrested for trespassing on her property. While this goes on, Heer suddenly collapses. Upon being deported back to India, JJ is overwhelmed by the attention he receives, and he clashes with the media and the Indian Police out of frustration, resulting in a term in jail. Dhingra becomes happy about the publicity he has received because of JJ, as it has helped record sales. After being released, JJ terminates his contract with Dhingra's company, embarks on a country-wide tour for his concerts and finally morphs fully into 'Jordan' - the true Rockstar which he had always wanted to be. He turns into a bitter, arrogant and lonely man, finding that the fame does not fill the void in his life. Khatana is now his manager, but fails to control him, and Jordan is constantly involved in fights with the media and fans. In spite of all this, he remains a highly popular artist.
Jordan meets Heer's younger sister Mandy (Sanjana Sanghi) during one of his performances, and she asks him to help Heer - who has been diagnosed with Aplastic Anemia. Although he is initially asked to leave by Heer's mother Neena (Shernaz Patel), Jordan's presence causes Heer to recover somewhat. He starts disregarding his musical obligations as he spends more time with Heer, and soon Khatana asks Heer to persuade Jordan to attend his concerts. Heer accompanies him to a show, and the media links them as a couple, portraying her as having an affair despite being married. Heer asks Jordan to complete his tour and allow them both them time to rest, before reuniting with her once again. During this time, her condition worsens; she slowly slips into a coma, and is discovered to be pregnant with Jordan's child. Mandy calls him for one last time hoping that he can help Heer recover. However, her condition only worsens and she falls into a coma, by which time Jordan realizes that she will not survive. Heer dies, and Jordan goes through intense emotion of anger, depression and heartbreak. This fuels his music and he becomes an international superstar, reaching the heights of his idol Jim Morrison.
Back in the Verona Arena, Jordan starts the concert in an angry, apathetic manner. While performing, Jordan sees a vision of Heer walking towards him, smiling lovingly. The audience cheers on, despite his tears and oblivious to his anguish. A montage of all the happy times the couple spent together plays, ending with a line from Mawlana Jalal-ud-Din Rumi's poem: "Away, beyond all concepts of wrong-doing and right-doing, there is a field. I'll meet you there".
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows two friends and roommates, the Gujarati rebel Jignesh 'Jerry' Patel (Akshay Kumar) and clean simpleton Nikhil 'Nick' Mathur (John Abraham), who live in London. Jerry does odd jobs for a living as he is an undergraduate but Nick has a white-collar job. However, both find themselves jobless due to the economic downturn. Jerry has a school-age nephew named Veer (Master Virej Desai) whom he looks after, as the child has lost his parents. Nick is to marry his girlfriend, Radhika Awasthi (Deepika Padukone), who dreams of a lovely wedding, a great honeymoon and a wonderful house to live in after marriage.
Out of a job, Jerry finds it difficult to even pay the school fees of his nephew because of which the government is on the verge of giving the custody of his nephew to a foster family. Nick fears he won’t be able to fulfill the dreams of his to-be wife. It is to tide over the difficult times that Jerry and Nick turn to the oldest profession in the world. Jerry and Nick become male escorts for the company "Desi Boyz", fulfilling the fantasies of girls and ladies. Jerry is unable to prevent his nephew from being sent to a foster home; and Nick loses Radhika when she learns of what he has been up to while she is away in India. Frustrated, Nick blames Jerry for forcing him into the profession and asks him to move out of his house and life.
Nick now tries to win Radhika back and help comes from the most unlikely source – Radhika’s father Suresh (Anupam Kher) who has come to London with her. Meanwhile, Jerry registers in college again to complete his graduation so that he can earn enough money to get his nephew back home. In college, Jerry meets Tanya Sharma (Chitrangada Singh) who used to be his oversized classmate and is now an attractive professor at the same college. Sparks fly between Jerry and Tanya. To make Nick jealous, Radhika dates a man named Ajay (Omi Vaidya). Nick starts to pick on Ajay, often calling him Vijay intentionally. After some reconsideration, Radhika forgives Nick, but Nick rejects her after she disapproves of Jerry. Meanwhile, Jerry graduates college and also wins Tanya's heart. Nick comes and apologizes to Jerry. All is forgiven when Nick and Jerry reconcile. Jerry then helps Radhika win back Nick.
Nick then helps Jerry get a decent high paying job, and Jerry decides to go to court and get back the custody of his nephew. Ajay turns out to be the lawyer against Jerry's case. He decides to get revenge on Nick by not letting Jerry win his case. Ajay tells the court about Jerry being a male escort and what a bad role model he would be to his nephew, bringing in 3 witnesses to testify against Jerry. He asks each of them if they had paid Jerry for sex; but only one says yes. Ajay is on the verge of winning, but Mr Desi Boyz comes into the courtroom and influences the judge. Then, Jerry makes an inspiring speech to the judge. The case is in his favour and he ends up winning and gaining full custody of Veer. The recession ends and everyone is happy. In a short ending scene, a newspaper article is shown, that states the recession will strike back, then Mr. Desi Boyz gives a call and says that he has gotten the licence for a branch in Mumbai.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A day before her marriage, Reshma (Vidya Balan) runs away from her rural village, hoping to become a star in Chennai. She fails to impress a casting director, and he insults her for being unattractive and unable to act. Determined to secure a role, she spontaneously auditions for the position of a background dancer. However, she dances in a sultry manner, using erotic movements which annoys the film's director, Abraham (Emraan Hashmi). He edits out Reshma's entire dance sequence. The film fails at the box office, much to the dismay of the producer Selva Ganesh (Rajesh Sharma), who later recalls Reshma's performance and offers her a role in a song in his upcoming film. Selva also suggests that she now be referred to as "Silk", which is more exotic and captivating.
At the first shoot, Silk dances with veteran actor Suryakanth (Naseeruddin Shah), her childhood idol. Enamoured with him, Silk gains his affection and attention by offering a long-term sexual relationship. Meanwhile, Abraham proposes a new film to Selva Ganesh and is keen to cast Suryakanth. However, Suryakanth's suggestion of adding sex and eroticism, to make the film more commercially viable, angers Abraham. Silk slowly builds a name for herself in the industry and goes on to do many more sexually charged films with Suryakanth, which catapults her into stardom. She gains many male fans and, in a short time, becomes immensely rich and popular as a Southern sex symbol.
Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth (Tusshar Kapoor) is an admirer of Silk and starts to befriend her. Silk develops a liking for him, after she realizes that he is the first man who loves her for more than just her body and sex appeal. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance but is insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing more than everyone's "dirty secret". Hurt by his remarks, Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures" and that she has no qualms in doing so. She begins to spend more time with Ramakanth and becomes the focus of tabloid gossip after noted journalist Naila (Anju Mahendru) criticises Silk for having a romantic relationship with both brothers. To avoid scandal, and also to get revenge, Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with smaller, unknown filmmakers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. During a dance challenge she intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who then decides to end their relationship.
To ease her heartbreak and the rejection from her family, Silk turns to alcohol and chain smoking. She gains weight, causing her to lose her status as a sex symbol. Silk approaches Silva Ganesh with an offer to produce a film together. Ultimately, the audience and industry has lost interest in her, and the film fails. On the other hand, Abraham directs a film which turns out to be a huge hit, and he feels that he has finally proven to Silk (and himself) that his films do not need any sexualisation to be successful. Having lost her fame and fortune, Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time filmmaker, willing to take on any role. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a pornographic film, and she refuses. He intoxicates her with alcohol and starts filming, without her permission. The place is raided by the police but Silk manages to escape.
Abraham finds himself falling in love with Silk, even though he denies it first, as he struggles with this moral dilemma. During a phone conversation with Silk, Abraham becomes alarmed when she asks him to bid farewell to everyone for her. He rushes to her house, and finds her lying in bed dead from a sleeping pill overdose, along with a suicide note.
The film ends with Abraham's narration, examining the life that Silk has led, and he questions whether the consequences she faced from her actions were justified or not. He concludes by realizing that we will never know if her way of life was right or wrong, or if we should judge her at all.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins with Dimple Chaddha (Parineeti Chopra) who is a spoilt brat since her father Suresh Chaddha is the creator of "Chaddha Industries", a huge finance company in Delhi. Dimple used to meet her boyfriend, Sunny Singh (Ranveer Singh) secretly. The two party all night, and eventually Dimple passes out of alcohol. Sunny then drops her home, and wanders off. He breaks into a bungalow nearby and starts to throw stones on windows and consequently chased by the residents. Later he explains to Dimple that the bungalow actually belongs to his father, who died shortly before, and encroached by tenants but he gets taxed. Dimple convinces her father to help him but his father tries to make profit out of it by buying the property at less valuation. Her father claims later as if he had fooled Sunny big time, though is later arrested when the police claims that the family living there had a stay order, and that he entered there with no permission. Dimple realizes she has been conned, and starts to cry out loud. Then, Sunny is spotted in an airport leaving for Mumbai, with the Rs.20 lakhs which he receives as an advance from Dimple's father.
In Mumbai, he spies on an business woman named Raina Parulekar (Dipannita Sharma) who is paranoid for everything. She has been ordered by her boss to deliver an M.F. Hussain painting, which is sold out everywhere. He opens up a fake art gallery pretending to be an artist named Deven Shah. Raina fails to identify fake painting and she contacts Deven(M.F. Hussain)over the phone, he acts to be the owner of the painting and sells it to Raina. She gives Rs. 70 lakhs to Deven but later her boss realizes its a fake, and fires her. She then reveals to the media about a guy named Deven "Dev" Shah, who conned her for a fake Hussain painting. Dimple sees the news on TV, and suspects that maybe Deven Shah could be Sunny similarly a widow named Saira Rashid (Aditi Sharma), explains her story of being conned the same person in name of Iqbal Khan. Raina calls over Dimple and Saira to her town, where they make a plan to find and con the number one conman who they name "Bloody Kameena(BK)" (Bloody Scoundrel).
To trace BK they uses his ringtone clueto find his real name Diego Vaz from Goa. They hire a sales woman, Ishika (Anushka Sharma) to act as a millionaire, and she wants to open a restaurant in India with the help of the Bloody Kameena, so if he invested money in the restaurant, they could sneakly steal the money and escape, thus ruining the BK. The four divas set out to Goa, and start their trap. The BK slowly starts falling into it,but he never realizes it. Ishika says she can't con him anymore because they love each other, and the BK has no clue of it. Dimple begins to argue loudly with her, and is overheared by Diego Vaz who was waiting outside the door for Ishika.
He is heartbroken, and realizes the pain he gave to everyone when he conned them. But due to vengeance, he now makes a plan to con the four girls. He himself originally purchased a swamp worth Rs. 3 lakh and as a con blew its cost to 90 lakhs. All girls blame Ishika for cheating and take their anger out on her. The three now return home, only to find Diego Vaz sitting in their garden, with the Rs.1 crores. He explains why he came back, and didn't feel good about conning the girl he truly loved, and that the four girls have changed him into now becoming an honest and decent man. He returns the money he stole from them, and leaves.
Three girls realizes love between Ishika and Diego and reunite them. He proposes to her but Ishika asks his real name, "Ricky Bahl" he replied, and story ends with a love kiss.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rohan Bhatia (Sunny Gill), a fresh MBA graduate, has a clash of ideologies with his father Dalip Bhatia (Yuri Suri) on what career he should pursue. Rohan has set his eyes on being a stockbroker in Mumbai because that's the quickest way to make big money. He goes to Mumbai with his best friend Abhay (Samar Virmani), a fellow MBA graduate, and on their first night out he meets Neha Kapoor (Simran Mundi) and the two have a war of words; for the first time in his life his advances have been rejected by a girl. Rohan, Abhay and 28 new stockbrokers start work at Bombay Bulls but after three months only the 10 best will survive and get permanent placements. Rohan pitches clients but doesn't climb the charts; he remains near the bottom, so he uses the help of Vikram Khurrana (Alyy Khan), the firm's best stockbroker, to climb the charts faster. Vikram introduces Rohan to Amrita Singhania (Achint Kaur), a wealthy society lady who is instantly taken by Rohan's boyish charm; the same night he also bumps into Neha and this time he doesn't budge until she agrees to go on a date with him. The next day, Amrita invites Rohan to a beach party where she tries to seduce him with her sultry body.
Rohan takes Neha to a spiritual date and courts her further until she completely falls in love with him. At the same time he pursues Amrita, who agrees to let him make trades for her and upon making her a large profit she invites him to celebrate in Goa. The same weekend is Rohan's 25th birthday and Neha comes to Goa to surprise him, but finds him in bed with Amrita. Rohan can't remember what happened, he was too drunk; heartbroken Neha storms away. In Mumbai, Rohan makes two more attempts to apologize but Neha won't give him another chance. The distance between them grows. He also has a showdown with Dalip and Abhay. Rohan gets more entwined into Amrita and Vikram's worlds but misses and longs for Neha. At Neha's best friend Shivangi's (Mansi Multani) engagement to Abhay, Rohan publicly begs Neha for forgiveness; she tells him she's pregnant but doesn't need him in her life. Rohan discovers Amrita and Vikram were just using him for their selfish plans; he has a showdown with Amrita and Vikram and gets thrown out of the firm. Rohan apologizes to his father for all his wrongdoings, then goes to Neha's house in Delhi to ask to be a part of their child's life only to discover that she's aborted their child. She wasn't ready for a child and was only having it to hurt him by keeping their child away from him. Rohan is shattered; Neha apologizes and asks him back in her life. Heartbroken, they embrace and accept each other for their flaws.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens five years after the ending of Don: The Chase Begins Again, with Don (Shah Rukh Khan) narrating the story. The European drug cartel bosses meet in the French Riviera to discuss a new threat emerging from Asia: Don is jeopardising their business by undercutting their prices, and the bosses decree that Don must die. Living in Thailand for the last five years, he goes to a remote settlement to pick up a shipment of cocaine. Instead of the expected uneventful transaction, Don fights his way out. He returns to Malaysia, surrendering to Roma (Priyanka Chopra), who has joined Interpol, and Inspector Malik (Om Puri). Don is sentenced to death and sent to prison, where he meets old rival Vardhan (Boman Irani). He offers Vardhan a partnership, and they escape from prison after poisoning the other inmates.
In Zurich Don meets trusted companion Ayesha (Lara Dutta), and they retrieve the contents of a locker accessible only by Vardhaan. In it is a tape of J.K. Diwan (Alyy Khan), vice-president of the Euro-printing DZB (Deutsche Zentral Bank), who was sent by Fabian Kohl to bribe Singhania (Rajesh Khattar) to kill a competitor; Singhania was killed by Vardhaan five years earlier. Don blackmails Diwan into giving him the bank's blueprints so he can steal the printing plates. Diwan misleads him and hires Abdul Jabbar (Nawab Shah), a deadly assassin. Don escapes, however, and baits Jabbar to working for him. With no other choice, Diwan gives Don the blueprints.
Don and his team plan and execute a bank robbery, taking hostages. After stealing the printing plates he is betrayed by Vardhaan and Jabbar, but escapes. However, Sameer (a team member, played by Kunal Kapoor) calls the police and Don is arrested; he threatens Sameer for informing on him. Unable to enter the bank and free the hostages, the police are forced to work with Don in exchange for giving him German immunity.
Don and Roma reach Vardhaan and Jabbar. When ordered by Vardhaan and Jabbar - and even Don himself - Roma is shot by Jabbar when she refuses to kill Don. She still has feelings for Don, although he killed her brother five years earlier, and she also refused to kill him because she refused to do it the illegal way. Don defeats Vardhaan and his thugs, and kills Jabbar. Don ultimately saves the entire team. Don obtains his immunity papers, surrendering the plates and a disc with information about his team. He brings Roma to a waiting ambulance, and they exchange glances before the doors close. Don later detonates a bomb planted earlier in Diwan's car.
In a final scene Don still has one of the currency plates, which the police think was destroyed by the explosion. Sameer was actually loyal to Don; informing the police was part of the plan. The disc Don gave them actually contains the names of the European drug cartel; when they are arrested, Don becomes king of the European underworld and tells Ayesha and Sameer they have no idea how rich they will become. When Ayesha tells him she was afraid he would be caught, he says: "Don ko pakadna mushkil hi nahin, namumkin hai" ("It is not just hard to catch Don, it is impossible.") and the film ends with the song "Dushman Mera".
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story focuses on Donsai (Fardeen Khan), the heir to Dhanraj Empire. Donsai is extremely against marriage and believes one should never ruin his life by getting married. After the passing of his father, Suraj Rattan Dhanraj, the only way to inherit his father's five billion empire company, is to get married to his friend's Punjabi daughter, Samarpreet (Ishita Sharma). Donsai gets married in Punjab, and tells Samarpreet that he will return to Punjab after three months of business, though Donsai plans not to come back.
After three months, Samarpreet comes to Donsai's home to look for him, where she finds him with another woman. She runs out crying, until she is hit by a car. The car owner, Shimmer (Sushmita Sen), picks her up and takes Samarpreet to her home. When they get to Shimmer's home, it turns out Shimmer is one of Donsai's best friends. After Samarpreet gains consciousness, she tells Shimmer everything Donsai did to her. Shimmer decides to help Samarpreet and gives her a complete makeover—she even changes her name to "Samara".
After Donsai sees Samara (not knowing that she is his wife), he falls in love with her, and asks her out. Shimmer tells Samara to reject him; she accepts. Donsai then meets her at an yacht, where the two begin a conversation, and slowly Donsai decides to get married to her. At the same time, Shimmer's plan is ruined, due to her boyfriend Pawan Raj Gandhi (Shahrukh Khan) arriving unexpectedly for Karwa Chauth. Pawan realizes Samarpreet's problem, and offers to help out in the plan as well. Shimmer realises her feelings for PRG and she goes to meet him at the airport. At last Donsai accepts Samarpreet as his wife.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In Ankert University, California (Assumption University (Thailand)), Alisha (Priyanka Chopra) is the most beautiful girl on campus with plenty of admirers. Awkward, nerdy Abhay (Uday Chopra) is in love with her, although she is unaware of his existence. One night Alisha is partying with her friends and accidentally falls into a river. Abhay jumps in and rescues her from drowning, but her friends take her away before she regains consciousness. Abhay is further prevented from seeing Alisha the next day when her outraged father comes and removes her from college.
Abhay nurses dreams of Alisha for seven years as he moves on with his life. He invents a revolutionary software program that cross integrates all operating systems. He meets with an investor to try to sell it, and he excuses himself to call his father and ask for advice. While he is gone, the investor copies the files onto a drive and steals them. Abhay discovers that this investor is the unscrupulous software salesman Siddharth 'Siddhu' Singh (Dino Morea), and he is now marketing the stolen software to a Singaporean firm as his own invention. Abhay goes to Singapore to confront Siddhu and sees Alisha at the company headquarters where she works as its PR representative. Still besotted, he follows her home. Due to a misunderstanding, she mistakes him for a nanny she was expecting from an employment agency. She is divorced with an unruly daughter named Tanya and in search of another nanny, as Tanya drives every one away. Abhay decides to become Tanya's nanny and keeps his identity a secret to stay close to Alisha.
Abhay takes care of the house mostly by paying contractors to clean it and eventually wins over Tanya when he buys her the Rockband video game so she can become a rockstar. Tanya nicknames him "Froggy" because of his nerdy looks. Things become complicated when Siddhu shows up trying to romance Alisha and sells the stolen software to her company. Abhay finds out that Siddharth's real name is Varun Sanghvi and tries to hide from Varun even while he grows closer to Alisha. She confides in Abhay, and he dresses her up in glasses and old clothes to show her how differently people are treated when they appear to be unattractive. Alisha feels sorry for Abhay.
As the launch date for the software approaches, Abhay is unmasked by Varun who claims he is a delusional stalker and was never a nanny. Alisha is angry that he lied and orders Abhay out of the house without giving him a chance to explain.
She finds out from her daughter that Abhay is the mysterious person who rescued her in college; she realizes that when Abhay told her about the girl he loved in college for seven years, he was talking about her.
Alisha finds Abhay and apologizes to him saying that she has fallen in love with him. Abhay tells her that he created the software Varun is taking the credit for. They rush to the software launch to stop Varun who is easily discredited when he doesn't know the password to Abhay's software. Abhay is able to prove that it is his creation by entering the password. Abhay tells Alisha that she already knows the password: It is her name: A-L-I-S-H-A. Alisha and Abhay live happily with Tanya.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rohit Behl (Shahid Kapoor) comes to Mumbai with Bollywood dreams, struggles through the day as a courier boy, and keeps failing in auditions for advertisements. More stereotypes are stuffed in as he refuses to take help from his dad in Delhi, is thrown out from his rented flat by the landlord, and comes away with his calculative companion. One day, a movie director named Rajeev Sharma (Mohnish Behl) sees Rohit dancing and calls him to his office. Soon, Rohit is signed as the male lead in his film, and his friend Tina (Genelia D'Souza) is selected as the choreographer on the same project. Homeless, Rohit sleeps in his car and works as a dance teacher in a school. Subsequently, Rohit loses his film and is disillusioned. Tina finds this out and asks him how he can spend his life like this. After some time, Tina tells him that she also quit the film and did not want to be the choreographer for that film because she saw him upset. Rohit realised the love Tina had for him. Tina encourages him to participate in a television talent-hunt show, the winner of which will win the same role that Rohit was to play. After some time, he agrees to participate in it. After filling up the contest form, he also says "I love you" to Tina. In his screen-test, Rohit dedicates his monologue to his mother. After his monologue, during the interview, he comes to know that his father's shop in Delhi has been demolished. He promises Tina that he will come back for her and leaves. He leaves Mumbai to meet his father, heart-broken about the whole thing. After watching Rohit's performance in the TV, his father convinces him to go back to Mumbai and participate in the show.
After coming back to the show, he is initially denied entry into the show due to his late entry. However, he is given a chance to perform at the show after Rohit convinces the director. He wins the show and is shown later to be the hero of the movie "Chance Pe Dance" walking the Red Carpet a year later with Tina.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story of The Waiting Room takes place in Thenmala, a remote South Indian railway station, where four passengers are left stranded on a rainy night. A serial killer is on the prowl, targeting the passengers of the waiting room, creating fear among them. The dreaded night for the passengers and the investigation to nab the killer forms the crux of the film.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Veer Pratap Singh (Salman Khan) is a Pindari prince and the son of the great Pindari warrior, Prithvi Singh (Mithun Chakraborty), who was known for his great battles to free India from British rule. Veer wishes to continue his father's legacy by leading a movement of Pindaris against the British in order to free both the Rajasthani Kingdom of Madhavghar and the rest of India from the great colonial power. Veer receives the help of his younger brother, Punya Singh (Sohail Khan) in gathering an army. However Veer finds opposition from the King of Madhavghar, Gyanendra Singh (Jackie Shroff), who sees Veer as a threat to Madhavghar and his rule and orders for Veer to be killed. Veer and Punya along with their supporters go into hiding within the Thar Desert of Rajasthan, while Singh makes an alliance with the British Governor of Rajasthan, James Fraser (Tim James Lawrence), saying that Madhavghar will support the British in crushing the Pindari movement and eliminating Veer.
To keep stakes high, the Pindaris kidnap Singh's daughter Princess Yashodhara (Zarine Khan), who Veer finds himself in love with. The Pindaris then make a failed attempt to take down Singh's palace by surprise. However Singh's spies discover the plan and thousands of Pindari warriors are slaughtered. Veer fails to get his revenge on the corrupt King but knows that Punya has been captured by Yashodhara's brother Gajendra (Puru Raajkumar) as Veer runs in to save his brother and kills Gajendra's men but Gajendra is killed to when he gets punched by Veer and lands on a sword which Gyanendra seeks revenge for his son. In the meantime, Lady Angela Fraser (Lisa Lazarus), wife of James Fraser, begins to question her husband's actions as he supports the evil king in slaughtering members of the Pindari movement. Fraser refuses to back down from his campaign of crushing the movement.
After Veer promises his father that he will finish Singh, he gatecrashes Yashodhara's Swayamvara. As he takes the princess away from the fort, Gyanendra Singh sees a vast army of Pindaris has surrounded his fort. He asks the British to help him but they refuse and make the Pindaris their ally in a bid to escape from Madhavghar. Before the British leave a battle follows in which the Governor and Gyanendra Singh are killed. Veer, wounded from a gunshot, falls unconscious in the arms of his father. Years later it is shown that Veer's son and Prithvi are having a friendly fight.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ishqiya starts with Krishna Verma (Vidya Balan) trying to convince her husband, Vidyadhar Verma (Adil Hussain), a local gang-lord, that he should surrender. He agrees but is soon killed in a gas explosion. Two criminals, Iftikhar aka Khalujan (Naseeruddin Shah) and Razzak Hussain aka Babban (Arshad Warsi), botch up a job and escape from the clutches of their boss, Mushtaq (Salman Shahid), who wants to bury them alive. They land up in Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh to seek refuge in the house of Vidyadhar Verma.
Instead, they meet his widow Krishna, who gives them shelter and tries to seduce them to achieve her own secret goal. She proposes the kidnapping of Kamalkant Kakkar aka KK (Rajesh Sharma), a small businessman. The duo reluctantly agree, since they want to escape the clutches of Mushtaq. Meanwhile, Khalujan and Babban realise that they are falling for Krishna, but they do not reveal their feelings to each other. Babban eventually seduces Krishna and both have sex. Khalujan decides to tell his feelings to Krishna but is shocked when he sees Krishna and Babban together dancing after having sex . Khalujan is angry but keeps quiet. However, when the kidnapping does not go as smoothly as wanted, Khalujan and Babban start fighting.
Meanwhile, Krishna tortures KK and asks him where her husband is hiding, revealing that Verma might be alive. KK finally calls Verma. Babban and Khalujan realise that Krishna was just using them. They confront her, whereupon she reveals that KK and Verma were partners in the illegal business and that Verma is still alive. The duo reach KK's factory and are shocked to find Verma. Verma's goons blindfold the duo and take them to a deserted spot. When they take out their blindfolds, Babban sees Nandu (Alok Kumar), a boy he had previously met, pointing a gun at them. Nandu leaves them alive and explains the whole story. He tells that Verma had no plans to leave his criminal life, so he faked his death in front of the world, to get two benefits, getting rid of his wife by killing her in explosion and faking his death so he can start a new life with new identity as police was behind him. Khalujan and Babban race back to Krishna's house, where they have left her tied to a chair.
Meanwhile, Krishna succeeds in opening the tube of gas cylinder, causing a leak. Verma confronts her and she tries to kill them by igniting a lighter. Verma assaults Krishna while the duo arrives. Soon, police arrive at the scene, too. Verma's goons are killed in a shootout, while Verma is killed in a gas explosion. The duo save Krishna and soon the trio is seen walking away from the burning house.
Unknown to them, Mushtaq is pointing a gun at them. Suddenly Mushtaq's wife calls. The trio are still seen through the gun hole of Mushtaq, making their fate unclear, although it can be assumed that Mushtaq left them alive.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vijay Harshwardhan Malik (Amitabh Bachchan), the ethical CEO of struggling television channel India 24/7, is losing the ratings battle with a rival channel headed by Amrish Kakkar (Mohnish Behl). Malik's son Jai (Sudeep) makes a deal with a wealthy and corrupt politician, Mohan Pandey (Paresh Rawal), to frame the Prime Minister (K K Raina) for being complicit in a terror attack. Pandey can then take over the position and Jai will have enough money to start his own channel. Jai's brother-in-law (Rajat Kapoor) supports Mohan Pandey because he wants to become the biggest industrialist in the country and Pandey could help him by framing such policies. Jai shoots a short video featuring his friend Khanna and a close friend of the PM. This meeting is staged and the PM's friend, under duress, says that the PM was involved in plotting a bomb blast so as to create fear and panic among the people so that he could get a bill passed. Jai convinces his father that the story is true and believing it to be so, Malik airs it on his network. The scandal rocks the nation and elections are held in which Mohan Pandey wins. He becomes the PM. However, one of Malik's reporters, Purab (Ritesh Deshmukh), discovers the plot. He initially approaches Amrish Kakkar with a request to air his findings on the news. Amrish, though, cuts a deal with Mohan Pandey and does not air the CD. Purab then tells his boss of his findings on the day his son is getting engaged. Malik goes on air one final time and confesses the wrongdoings of his son, son-in-law and exposes Mohan Pandey. Unable to bear the guilt, Jai commits suicide. Mohan Pandey denies his role in the scandal. Malik steps down as the CEO of the news channel and hands over the baton to the reporter who exposed the truth.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A simple story of a God fearing, devout Muslim mechanic named Hashmat Ullah (Paresh Rawal) who has been entrusted the job of repairing an old Ford V8 engine, not knowing the historic significance – that it once carried the ashes of Mahatma Gandhi which were immersed in the holy Triveni Sangam. He is caught in a complex situation after a powerful bomb explosion rocks his town leading to the arrest of innocent Muslim youths of his locality. A work strike is called by the prominent leaders of his community, played by Om Puri and Pawan Malhotra, to protest against the unjust treatment meted out to the youths arrested by the police. Will he support the protest and abandon the repair of the engine or go against the wishes of his community? Thus begins his journey. A journey of Gandhian values, principles and patriotism.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The Hangman, starring internationally acclaimed actor Om Puri (East is East, Jewel in the Crown, City of Joy and Gandhi), is a story about one man's quest to attain redemption. Puri, who gives a compelling performance as the aged and tired executioner Shiva, has been forced into his forefathers' profession.
Shiva's overwhelming desire is to create a better life for his son Ganesh (Shreyas Talpade). Shiva seeks help from his friend, the prison jailor (Gulshan Grover). Ganesh is taken to the city under the jailor's guardianship where he pursues his father's ultimate dream of becoming a police officer. But a series of ill-fated events result in a startling tragedy.
Based in a culture full of ancient customs and traditions, this bittersweet tale follows Shiva as he struggles between the mandates of his profession and his desire to achieve salvation and happiness.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Born into a poor family, Surya grows up with few luxuries. Poor health keeps him away from school often and that is when his elder brother, Chandrakant, introduces him to carrom. Winning the Junior Carrom Championship at 12 is not enough to keep Surya's fire for the sport burning through adolescence. Hopes for a job in Dubai replace the passion for carrom as Surya grows into a young man. Duped by a bogus overseas employment agency, Surya loses all his hard earned money he had saved for going to Dubai. Surya is forced to cross paths with Jaleel.
Since the 70's when the settlements in the ghetto began, Jaleel had acquired a strong hold in the area. He had his hands in every illicit activity since then. Feeding on the weaknesses of people, Jaleel was the self-proclaimed king of Malwani. Reintroduced to carrom by his childhood friend Zaid, this time to the carrom hustling scene, Surya starts playing again. Being cheated of his hard earned money by the same man who had caused misery for many families; Surya decides to take on Jaleel on his turf. His patience and cool attitude are Surya's biggest strengths. But life has its own ways of testing it.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rizwan Khan is a Muslim child who grew up with his brother Zakir and his mother (Zarina Wahab) in a middle class family in the Borivali section of Mumbai. Rizwan is different from other children as he has autism. However, he has certain gifts, particularly a special ability to repair things. His difference leads to special tutoring from a reclusive scholar and extra attention from his mother, all which leads to a heightened level of jealousy from his brother Zakir, who eventually leaves his family for a life in the United States.
Despite this initial resentment, as an adult Zakir sponsors Rizwan to come and live with him in San Francisco after the death of their mother. It is at this time that Zakir's wife, Haseena diagnoses Rizwan as having Asperger's syndrome. Rizwan also begins to work for Zakir and in the process he meets a Hindu woman, Mandira (Kajol) and her young son, Sameer, from a previous marriage. Despite Zakir's hostility to the match, they marry and settle down in the fictional town of Banville, where both Mandira and Sameer take Rizwan's last name as their own. They also live next door to the Garrick family, consisting of Mark, who is a reporter, his wife Sarah and son Reese.
The couples perfect existence is disrupted after the September 11 attacks on the twin towers in New York City. Mark goes to cover the war in Afghanistan and dies there. At the same time, the Khan family begins to experience post 9-11 prejudice in their community and Reese begins to turn against Sameer as well. One afternoon, an argument between them turns into a racially motivated schoolyard fight between Sameer and a number of older students. Reese tries to stop the fight but is held back and Sameer dies from his injuries. A shattered Mandira blames Rizwan for his death stating that Sameer "died only because his name was Khan." She then tells Rizwan that she no longer wants to be with him. When he asks her what he has to do in order for them to be together, she tells him that he has to tell the people of the United States and the President that his name is Khan and that he is not a terrorist.
Rizwan thus sets out on a journey that takes him from one US state to another, in order to first meet President George W. Bush and later President-elect Barack Obama. During this quest, he travels to a small town in Georgia and befriends Mama Jenny and her son Joel. Later, in Los Angeles, he prays in a Mosque and overhears violent rhetoric from Faisal Rahman. He reports this to the FBI but there is no response at that moment. Later, while waiting in a crowd to meet President Bush and repeating again and again, "My name is Khan and I am not a terrorist," Rizwan is arrested and placed in a prison by police who misinterpret his statement.
While in the prison he is interrogated as a terrorist suspect and meets the psychiatrist Radha who believes he is innocent. He is later released after a media campaign by some Indian student reporters, who prove his innocence by unearthing his attempts to inform the FBI about Faisal Rahman. After his release, he returns to hurricane-hit Wilhemina to help Mama Jenny and her son. His efforts attract media attention and numerous Muslims come to help as well. At the same time, Reese confesses to Mandira and reveals the identity of the boys who beat up Sam. She informs Detective Garcia who has been assisting her on the case, and the boys are arrested.
After they are brought to justice, she joins Rizwan in Georgia. At the moment she arrives, Rizwan is stabbed by a follower of Faisal Rahman and is rushed to the hospital. With Mandira's help, Rizwan survives and meets President-elect Barack Obama who tells him: "Your name is Khan and you are not a terrorist."
-----------------------------------------------------------
Avi is an ace photographer who is in a live-in relationship with Sonia, a model. One night while returning from a party, the couple accidentally knocks down a young girl with their speeding car. As Sonia was driving the car, to avoid further complications, Avi insists on them fleeing from the accident scene. But trouble starts for the couple soon after. While strange white marks begin to appear in Avi's photos, Sonia starts having spooky experiences. Avi also develops a severe neck pain and even though he does not appear to be overweight, a scale reveals that he weighs 120 kilograms. Avi, too, starts having experiences similar to Sonia's. The couple is petrified when all of Avi's best friends commit suicide in a similar manner. It then comes to light that the spirit haunting them all has a connection to Avi's college life. Meanwhile, Sonia finds out that Avi was friends with a girl named Aarti during his college days. As Avi and Sonia are still being haunted by Aarti they go and visit her, but realize that Aarti is dead, having apparently committed suicide by using a knife. Aarti's mother believes that she is still alive, thinking that she is merely ill and will recover. On the way home Aarti continues to haunt Avi and Sonia, and again during the night at the hotel she also haunts him as Avi is sleeping, ending up with him being thrown off the fire escape.
Later Avi is in the hospital and Sonia tells him that Aarti will be cremated, and they visit her funeral before returning to their home town. Sonia finds some photos of Aarti, where she is crawling to get something. As she follows the pattern indicated by Aarti, Sonia discovers that Avi's best friends (who later committed suicide) are raping Aarti. When Sonia talks to Avi about this dark secret, he tells her that he only wanted Aarti to understand his feelings, but that when his best friends tried to talk to her, Aarti hurt Avi's friend Tarun, who became angry and with his friends raped her. Avi claims that when he entered the room he was shocked at the scene and tried to help her, but that Tarun then said that Avi had asked them to rape her as a way of avoiding jail, and accused Avi of planning to do this to her and having one of Avi's friends taking the pictures. Avi then tells Sonia that the reason he kept the photos was to remind him that he failed to protect Aarti and say he is the guilty one. But Sonia leaves him and wishes him that Aarti may forgive him. Later on Avi attempts to kill himself in the same way his best friends did, but as a Polaroid camera clicks towards him, he sees Aarti sitting on his shoulders. Avi is suddenly thrown through the window, and ends up in hospital, where it is revealed that the reason why she was sitting on his shoulders was that Aarti had still loved Avi. As Sonia makes another photograph of Avi, she speaks to Aarti, asserting that one day she will let go as the reflection in the mirror shows Aarti still leaning on Avi's back.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Karthik (Farhan Akhtar) is an introvert who lacks confidence and feels trapped in his average job at a construction company. He is continuously troubled by an incident from his childhood: His older brother, Kumar, used to torture him, but whenever he complained to his parents, they did not believe him. One day, Kumar took Karthik to a well and tried to throw him in it, but Karthik escaped. Kumar accidentally fell inside the well and died. Karthik has thought himself responsible for his brother's death ever since.
Shonali Mukherjee (Deepika Padukone) is a co-worker at Karthik's company, whom Karthik secretly loved though she remains unaware of his existence, much less his feelings. After being derided by his boss Mr Kamath (Ram Kapoor) yet again; Karthik figures his life can’t get any worse and decides to commit suicide. Just as he is about to, a stranger with the same, exact voice as his, calls and says that he is also Karthik, convincing him that he has the ability to change his life. These phone calls become Karthik's life guide. His chats take place every morning at 5:00 a.m. and the caller provides advice on Karthik's problems, guiding him to become a successful man, win Shonali's heart, and bring color to his otherwise dreary life.
However, when Karthik tells Shonali and his psychiatrist about the phone calls, despite being warned not to, the mysterious caller gets angry and tells Karthik that if he could bring him up, he could also throw him down. As per his word, things start going downhill. Karthik's boss throws him out and Shonali leaves him. Karthik decides that if he goes somewhere he does not know, then the caller wouldn't know where he is either and stop calling him. Karthik travels to an unknown place, takes shelter in a small hotel, and asks the receptionist to remove the telephone and room number plate.
After a few months, Karthik is comfortably living in Cochin with a decent job. His life is back to normal except for the fact that he refuses to have a phone line. Upon his boss's request, he is forced to purchase a landline. He goes to great lengths to ensure that he himself is unaware of the phone number. However, one day at exactly 5 a.m, he receives a call from the mysterious caller, who threatens to kill him. Meanwhile, Shonali is contacted by Dr. Kapadia, who reveals the twist: Karthik actually suffers from Schizophrenia. He has an alter-ego that is more assertive and advises him on how to live life. However it was revealed that the strange caller was Karthik himself. He has been dealing with this condition from a young age, when he created a fake brother named Kumar with his imagination. Karthik's phone has the capacity to record messages and act as a playback feature at a certain time. Karthik would wake up in the middle of the night, leave himself messages as his alter ego, and return to sleep, where he would awake once again at 5 AM to take his own calls.
Eventually, Karthik Narayan becomes so disturbed that he attempts to commit suicide again. Shonali, realizing the truth, arrives at the right time to save him. They reconcile and she stands by him, helping him with his condition. After a few months, Karthik is in the process of dealing with his disorder and lives a happy and rehabilitated life with Shonali by his side.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins with Venkat Subhramaniam (Amitabh Bachchan), an Indian professor of mathematics, software engineering, and a genius, teaching mathematics in his village to kids when a postman comes with a letter. The letter is from British mathematician Perci Trachtenberg (Ben Kingsley), widely regarded as the world's greatest living mathematician, who invites Venkat to a high rolling casino in London. Venkat tells Perci about an equation that could not only change the dialogue on mathematics forever, but one that has already left an indelible impression of guilt — for many painful reasons — on Venkat's life. It is shown in the past that the reclusive genius Venkat has cracked a theory that could redefine the principles of probability and randomness. Venkat tries to use this experiment in a game called Teen Patti (a poker game), which he plays on the Internet. According to this experiment if a person playing Teen Patti knows the three cards with one of the players (except him) he/she can guess the other cards with the rest of the players and therefore can guess who is going to win with the theory of probability.
Venkat succeeds on his theory and submits his report to the institute where he teaches, but they reject his report. Venkat is sure about his theory and wants to try out in reality with live players. So he talks with younger professor Shantanu (R. Madhavan) about his theory and tells him to get three students to try out this experiment. Shantanu arranges three students — Sid (Siddharth Kher), the college rockstar; Aparna or Apu (Shraddha Kapoor), the studious geek, who has a crush on Sid' and Vikram or Vikku (Dhruv Ganesh), the boy next door. They come together and start playing the game. Venkat's theory, like the last time, proves to be successful. Venkat says that after a few more games he'll be sure to crack his equation and even be able to study it better. Shantanu tells him that he should try using his theory in the real world, where there are people who actually gamble and play Teen Patti, i.e. in underground dens or 'addas'.
Although Venkat has no interest in the money that could come from practicing his equation to crack Teen Patti, he eventually succumbs to Shantanu's charismatic persuasion. Soon, with the help of his new students, they explore the addas of wild Bombay. Later another student from the institute, Abbas (Vaibhav Talwar), the rich spoiled brat joins the gang and arranges for them parties in casinos, private clubs, etc. But what starts out as an experiment between a charismatic young professor and an eccentric older one soon descends into a game neither of them can control. The money they earn gets stolen; someone is blackmailing them; they get greedy about money and, in the course of time, they change into different people and even start betraying each other.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story starts with Puneet , a man who earns a living by writing films for the Bollywood industry presents his next story called "Pachaas" He presents it infront of his director Taneja and Suleiman , soon after listening to the story Taneja says before the film releases he needs to take his parents for operation and has other important work to do and if guests are to arrive home there would be another problem. Puneet finalises the deal. Mun Mun is an architect who is having issues with her client who believes in Feng Shui and keeps changing the template of her house. She is Puneet's wife and she informs him that teachers have called him to school because of their son's inability to pass a test of 100 marks in hindi. The teacher tells him he doesnot know the meaning of "Atithi devo Bhava, " which means guests are like god. When Puneet explains to his son Aayush the meaning he promptly says that nobody ever visits their home. Soon an elderly man Lambodar from Gorakpur village comes to stay with his distant relative "Pappu." After he slaps the watchman's ear hard that it bleeds , the residents of the apartment ,one of them assumes that the uncel is related to Puneet as he calls him "Pappu." Puneet was surprised as well as confused , convinced that their guest is a distant uncle of his , he takes him home. Mun Mun says it is the height of irresponsibility to not know ones relatives. Puneet introduces Lambodar to Mun Mun and calls her a very cultured girl and says he is just like his wife Sarla. They later meet Aayush who doesnot touch their guest's feet in respect. Puneet and Mun Mun are disturbed that their guest has used their private shower items but do not say a word to their guest. After Mun Mun prepares a meal Lambodar hands her some money and he believes that it is wrong to keep a woman's hand empty as he has eaten a meal from her hands for the first time. The uncle has a very close equation with children and they enjoy each other's company. Puneet and Mun Mun give up their room which has air conditioning to their guest and they sleep in the living room without the A.C. In the middle of the night Puneet and Mun Mun hear a strange frightening voice at night. In fear Aayush cries and his mother consoles him. Puneet takes a cricket bat has his weapon and hears that the sound is coming from the bathroom where the uncle is gargling. Puneet tells Mun Mun that the lifestyle of village folks is such that they wake up early and eat breakfast early. At work Mun Mun talks to her colleague and tells her about their guest expecting her to bathe in the morning before entering the kitchen. Mun Mun's manager's wife suffers from chronic back problem and oftens rushes to hospitals so they women crack a joke about him amongst themselves. Back at home the guest is behind the maid who sweeps in the house. Lambodar supervises her cleaning techniques and is behind her back. He asks her to wash the clothes for a second time and she is shocked by his request. He sees Puneet working on his next film and asks him about his profession. The due date for him to present the script is drawing near and his uncle talks endlessly about actors and actresses during his era. When he goes for offering prayers to the goddess he is upset that they are using mordern technology to play hyms. He offers to sing and everyone else joins in. After the uncle has come the lifestyle of Puneet and Mun Mun changes. When Puneet comes to offer prayers he carries his son and gets a catch on his back. His so called Uncle offers to kick him saying it was an old technoque that isf a person was born the other way round , a kick will help cure the catch. It surprsingly worked very well. Mun Mun is shocked by this turn of events and her colleage is in disbeleif. She even recommeds that the manager's wife to come and get kicked. Soon after which the wife loses her two front teeth. The manager is disappointed that Mun Mun could not successfully give her client what she needed . She even complains to her colleague about the issues she is having both at work and at home. The uncle is at it again on another day supervising the maid in the most annoying manner , she could not tolerate his exasperating nature and intends to leave the house after she complains to Mun Mun. She leaves in a fit of anger and complains to Puneet about the situation. She even decided to stop cooking for him. That night they eat out at the street a popular snack called pav bhaji , the uncle asks her to still prepare a light meal. The next day the uncle complains of gas because they used cheap oil instead of butter in the snack. Puneet insists his to take a tablet. The uncle says he is a vegetarian and assumes that animal fats are present in the tablet , he instead asks for cow's urine. Puneet and Mun Mun are disgusted by this. Puneet needs to hand the scrpit to Taneja and knows he would not be able to do anything due to his interfering uncle , he makes him board a bus to see the city. While Puneet is working he gets pestering calls from his uncle and decides to go to a garden so he can get some peace and fresh air. Mun Mun is upset that the uncle has brought some friends of his home and they expect her to prepare snacks for them. She calls Puneet and makes him hear their menu and says she wont prepare anything. She then says she wants to commit suicide and so does Puneet. Two police inspectors over hear what Puneet says and ends up getting arrested , lucky for him he was able to finish his work and was back home the very next day. At the release of the film Puneet takes along his uncle. The uncle meets an old film actor from a favourite movie of his and pesters him to recite his famous dialogue. In this attempt the uncle ends up destroying a set worth 50 Lakh Rupees. Taneja throws curses and insults at the uncle and Puneet disaprroves of his director's behaviour. He ends up getting fired at that instant. Puneet takes his uncle and leaves home. The next day the uncle feels very guilty for his actions and Mun Mun tells Puneet that their guest must leave. After Lambodar gives a heartfelt apology Puneet fails to tell him to leave. Puneet, Mun Mun and Aayush comes to see the shooting of his friend and he finds out about what had happened to him. Puneet and Mun Mun tell him they are tired of him so their friend offers to help. Gives a prank call home telling the Uncle that his wife has died. He is in a state of shock. The Uncle calls Puneet and Mun Mun to the police station telling what had happened. They tell him to leave to the village, but he tells him that his wife died 5 years ago and got the prankster arrested. They feel sorry for their friend but are unable to save him so uncle wouldnot know the truth. The inspector recognises Puneet who he thought was trying to commit suicide. Mun Mun could not handle this anymore and tells Puneet she is leaving the house. Uncle interferes in their matter ans tries to settle things among each other. Mun Mun takes a steel item and aims it at Puneet but it hits Lambodar on the forehead. She makes up a story that she has a friend in Delhi who is getting married but because Uncle is at home they cannot do anything. The uncle then plans to leave for some days to his village and they tell him he can come back after the wedding. At the station Mun Mun pretends to cry as the uncle is leavin for home. Puneet and Mun Mun are happy that he left. On the way home the hear someone farting but assume it is just their imagination, they actually see the uncle and he tells them that he saw Mun Mun crying upon his departure and was upset , so he went off the train and their neighbour opened the door for them. They leave to stay at a hotel in their city. Puneet is upset about the expenditure he needs to make because of her lie. A few days later they are informed that the police have raided the hotel in which they are saying and get Puneet , Mun Mun and Aayush arrested. This comes live on television and the uncle calls Puneet to check on him. Puneet lies to him and says he is in the wedding. The inspector from before recognises him. Mun Mun and Puneet fight quarrel and the inspector wishes to hear how this had happened , they ask him if he ever had a guest who was not willing to leave , he says yes and got rid of him from help. The following day Puneet asks his old colleage Suleiman to threaten his uncle who is busy buying fruits. A gang of men notice Suleiman who was an accomplice in a certain incident but Uncle ends up saving his life. Suleiman tells Puneet to take care of him as he saved his life. Puneet and Mun Mun decide to finally return home and uncle told them that since the Ganapati festival was arriving , he bought a statue of Lord Ganesha. With the approach of the festival many guests are invited to their home and children become friendly with uncle. Taneja too comes for the prayers at their home and apologises to Puneet for his behaviour , he also asks him to resume work in the industry. Puneet later on has issues with the bank who have taken his car. He is able to regain it only because the manager is a friend of uncle who came home that day. On the day of the festival Uncle and the family place the statue in the holy water and go out to celebrate the festival. Unfortunately during the festival there was a bomb attack and uncle goes missing. Puneet and Mun Mun are afraid uncle may have died in the attack and his body was not found. The very next day after they reach home they find uncle fit and fine. They asked him where he had been and told them how everyone was worried sick for him. He asked for forgivness and said he lost the diary in which Puneet's number was written. Uncle had purchased a train ticket and planned to leave the next day. Puneet could not handle the situation anymore and told him to leave immediately. Puneet reveals to uncle about how much he and Mun Mun suffered because of him , this brought Puneet to tears and Uncle is forgiven. At the apartment a tenant who was on a holiday reached his apartment and recognised his uncle. Uncle , Mun Mun and Puneet were shocked. Both families lived in different wings but shared the same door number. The uncle was shocked that he barged into the wrong house. Mun Mun tells Pappu that uncle must stay at his house as well now that he is here . The movie ends in a freeze frame.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vishnu (Abhay Deol), a restless young man, itches to escape his father's faltering hair oil business.
An old truck beckons, which, Vishnu sees as his ticket to freedom. He offers to drive the 1942 Chevrolet across the desert to the sea, where it has been sold to a local museum. As he sets off across the harsh terrain of desert India, Vishnu discovers he is not merely transporting a battered vehicle but an old touring cinema.
Along the way, Vishnu reluctantly picks up a young runaway (Mohammed Faizal Usmani), a wandering old entertainer (Satish Kaushik) and a striking gypsy woman (Tannishtha Chatterjee). Together they roam in the barren land, searching for water and an elusive fair. The journey turns dire when they are waylaid by corrupt cops and a notorious water lord.
The key to their freedom is the eccentric collection of films and the two forty-year-old film projectors in the back of the truck. As in One Thousand and One Nights, if the films are good, they live and move on. If the films are boring, they face death in the outback.
The journey proves transformative for each of the travelers, but especially for Vishnu who discovers life, love and laughter on the Indian highway.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story narrates two female protagonists Anushka (Tanushree Dutta) and Ahana (Udita Goswami). Ahana and Anushka are sisters. Anushka is married to an elderly man; Ravi (Sachin Khedekar). He is a widower and ties the knot with her after his first wife, Pooja's unknown and untimely death. Anushka's mother refuses to accept their marriage. The couple begin their journey in a new home purchased by Ravi 2 years ago. Anushka's life takes an unexpected twist. She tells this to her husband who thinks that she is only hallucinating and they decide to go back to their previous home, but the horror does not seem to stop in this house either. Anushka suspects that Pooja (Ravi's first wife) is behind all of these nerve-wracking incidents.
She seek the advice from a healer (Arif Zakaria) who tells her about the cursed house and that who ever will pass from the shadow of that house will be cursed and die a painful death. He gives her a Yantra which can only protect her and will not free her from the curse. When Ahana tries to discover the story behind the incidents her husband and sister-in-law get murdered; she is charged with the murders and taken to an asylum. She tries to reach her sister but she is unable to. By sensing a problem, Ahana starts a journey to reach her sister. In hotel where Ahana was staying she meets Ranvir (Shaad Randhawa) a CBI officer who is in charge of this case.
Ranvir informs her about the charge levied on Anushka and her escape in asylum. Ranvir and Ahana together refuse to follow the same path but their destination is Anushka. Now they are cursed by the shadow of the house in the journey. As they move further they also meet the same healer who helps them to unfold the mysteries behind the house. The story continues with thrill and excitement. It slowly reveals the secret behind the cursed house.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A 12-year-old street kid named Municipality, while on the run from the reformatory, finds and saves a two-day-old abandoned child from being prey to a ferocious street dog. Failing to find any takers among the people he deemed responsible & respectable, Municipality takes up the onus of finding the child's mother himself. Here onwards ensues his struggle in the urban jungle of Mumbai with just four of his friends from the streets - Soda (15), Sursuri (10), Cutting (8), & Dhed-shaana (6).
Municipality's rock steady determination ultimately helps him emerge a winner against all odds as he reaches the child's mother. Though in the bargain, he loses his 'God like' & flawless image of a mother he used to anticipate in his dreams. A mother, who he hoped, would come searching for him someday at the Municipality Hospital, where he was abandoned 12 years back.
The film ends showcasing some of the real-life issues of abandoned children and the misery they face in their day-to-day lives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Devki Nandan Tripathi (director Rahul Aggarwal) is a simple, rustic man who tries his luck in the city of dreams, Mumbai. He gets himself employed at the Mausam Vibhaag, his only means to a lucrative and thriving future. The plot thickens and so do Devki’s circumstances, for he pursues something that he had never meant to. He finds himself doing everything except dedicating time to his vocation. He comes across an array of city people who often find his innocence amusing and comical, but Devki realises that they stick with him even in the thickest of bogs that his life hauls him in. From the village folk to the corrupt cop to the impish goon, Devki finds himself cared for and aided even while he feels entrenched in a Na Ghar Ke Na Ghaat Ke state of affairs. The film depicts the everyday struggle of common man in a ‘rural meets urban’ set-up.
Director Aggarwal plays the lead opposite Narayani Shastri, while one meets iconic characters played by Om Puri, Paresh Rawal, Ravi Kishan and Neena Gupta.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Right Yaaa Wrong is a story of two cops, Ajay (Sunny Deol) and Vinay (Irrfan Khan), where an intense rivalry leads them on a battle for supremacy.
Ajay and Vinay are best friends. Ajay's wife (Isha Koppikar) is found brutally murdered. Ajay is the prime suspect and Vinay is handed the case. Unsure what to do, either help his best friend or achieve a higher position in his job, Vinay goes against Ajay. By this time, Radhika (Konkana Sen Sharma), Vinay's younger sister, becomes Ajay's lawyer, and is Ajay's only support.
The investigation transpires into a mystery locked with secrets. Behind the secrets lies an astonishing discovery. Ripples begin with wits and mind games. Every time hatching a clue, Vinay tries to beat Ajay, but falls back when Ajay has a reply to all of his questions. This is the story of a strong friendship, which is broken by leadership and forgotten. After all Vinay has done as a detective, the truth is finally revealed. However, did Ajay really murder his own wife? Was Vinay true all along, yet why did no one believe him? And will Vinay prove his point... or once again be friends with Ajay?
-----------------------------------------------------------
An Indian kickboxer defeats a Pakistani kickboxer in an asian kickboxing tournament. But the event ends in a tragedy due to the Pakistani players' intemperance. Will the peace process initiated by the two countries lose its momentum, especially when the Indian hero's brother is determined to avenge his family and country during a second international bout that is being held in Lahore?
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie begins in the style of Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!, with an over-the-top parody of a quasi-news program which promises to bring you three exciting "stories", which are the inter-connected episodes of the film, namely, love, sex and deceit (dhokha).
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Aman (Aditya Narayan) seemingly lifeless, narrating how he and his sweetheart Kaya are doomed to perish together. He remembers happier times, when he met and courted and finally proposed to Kaya. No sooner than he had proposed, they had met with a sudden car accident. They are miraculously unhurt saved with few minor injuries. But when Kaya's parents realise Aman had proposed to her, they become sad and grave, and Kaya's mother earnestly persuades her father to tell them the truth.
Kaya's mother reveals the curse upon their family. Kaya's father is a descendant of an ancient royal family. Some 300 years ago, the brother of the late king RANA Ranjit Singh had attempted to molest a beautiful girl in the palace. The girl escaped and jumped to her death. It turned out that the girl was the daughter of the royal guru, "Acharya Sachidanand", and that the girl was about to be wed. The acharya, a wise and powerful spiritual master, was enraged beyond belief. He pronounced a terrible curse upon Ranjit Singh: no daughter in Ranjit Singh's line shall ever enjoy marriage; if they ever attempt to marry or become engaged, they will immediately meet with death.
Aman and Kaya are devastated.They reach out to professor Pashupati, an expert in the occult. The professor explains that generational curses (such as the one upon Kaya are typically connected with an evil spirit. This spirit is the keeper of the curse, and it executes the curse (by taking the lives of the victims). Aman recollects that the evil spirit had caused their car accident. Aman suggested to destroy the spirit. The bemused professor laughs this off and urges Aman to forget Kaya and move on. Aman and his friend Shubh are disappointed.
Aman is persistent. He looks up some of the professors work and retrieves (in a dangerous chase with an evil spirit) a "cursed" book from the library. Convinced that Aman is determined and capable, the professor agrees to help them.Their first stop is an abandoned cinema. The professor explains that it is haunted by several spirits, and some of the noble spirits may be able to help them locate the evil curse-keeper. Aman and Kaya enter the theatre. They are surrounded by spirits, and one of them splatters a few drops of blood on Kaya's wrists. The professor interprets: the drops are the co-ordinates of the ancient kingdom of Magha, present day Mahipalpur.
They arrive at Mahipalpur and settle into the decrepit government guest house. The evil spirit is relentless. It attacks Kaya and tries to bury her alive. They save her just in time, but she goes into hypoxic shock. The professor describes a water-immersion method to send Shubh back in time. Shubh is again attacked by the spirit, but this time he returns with an amulet. The amulet reveals the clue that leads them to Rani Mohini, the evil spirit, the keeper of the curse.
Aided by the curator of the 300-year-old Magha jail, the professor performs a seance to invoke the spirit of Ranjit Singh. This spirit reveals the sinister history of the royal family. Rani Mohini was never satisfied with her station as the second wife of Raja Gajsingh. She was also a sorceress. She plotted to assassinate the King and his two sons, Rana Ranjeet Singh and Kuljeet. Her assassins killed Raja Gajsingh, but were ultimately defeated and killed by the royal guard. Ranjit Singh ascended the throne, and, upon learning of Rani Mohini's dark powers, promptly arranged to execute her. Rani Mohini, however, created a black charm (locked in an amulet) to keep her soul on earth. Upon her execution, her soul became the keeper of the curse (by Acharya Sachidanand) and would torment Ranjit Singh's family forever.
Kaya's conditions worsens. She is wheeled into surgery. The professor and Aman and Shubh hurry into the River Palace to confront the evil spirit of Rani Mohini. They connect the clues from the amulet and from Ranjit Singh, and deduce that the spirit of Mohini can be despatched to the nether world when her mortal remains (ashes) are dissolved. Aman & Shubh start searching the ashes with professor's help. They then stumble upon a portrait statue wherein they find 8 earthen pots instead of seven. Shubh & Aman conclude that the ashes are hidden over there. They retrieve the pot but Mohini's spirit kills the professor brutally and chases them to destroy their efforts. After a difficult and lengthy battle with the spirit, Aman floods the River Palace. He nearly drowns (and cuts back to the initial frame), but Shubh saves him just in time. The film ends with Aman narrating how the power of love can overcome any obstacle. At the end of the movie, they got married and blessed with a baby girl.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the world of Armaan (Arshad Warsi) and his girlfriend Gehna (Dia Mirza), life is truly beautiful, yet it's like walking on a tightrope. For Armaan, a debonair fashion photographer who is a charmer to the core and loved by all around him, life only gets better when he dates Gehna, a high-profile fashion magazine editor. Life is picture perfect and mash; a doting girlfriend and a job where his expertise makes him the most-wanted photographer in the London fashion world! Armaan has learnt that his chronic insomnia is, however, not a function of any sleeping disorder. The truth is that he hears voices; voices that torture him; voices that are disturbing him. More importantly, voices that nobody else can hear! Life is less than picture perfect now!
While his friends sympathize with his problems, his girlfriend Gehna is irritated with his weird behavior. Add to that her father Sinha (Javed Sheikh) constantly berates him for his fondness for the bottle. No one seems to understand his predicament. What puzzles them is that he talks to himself… or, rather, he talks to people who no one can see simply because they don't live. Soon, Armaan becomes aware of his special ability to connect with the souls that haven't crossed over. Equipped with a will to fulfill the wishes of these spirits who hound him, Armaan sets out on a mission to help out two souls: an old man, Mr. Virender Kapoor (Boman Irani), and a young woman, Carol (Zehra Naqvi). In this ensuing journey, Armaan discovers the lives of his two special companions and ends up frustrating Gehna. Yet, Armaan is on a journey where he discovers a lot about his own self and his own life.
After he fulfils Kapoor's wish, he goes to find Carol's son Danny. He realizes that he is Danny but, when he tries to explain this to Gehna, she gets fed up and leaves him. She is then involved in a car crash and sadly dies. When Armaan finds out, he sees her as a ghost, and once he pleads to God, Gehna comes back to life. The two then get married and, straight after the marriage, Armaan's problem of seeing/hearing ghosts is freed.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mitali, a successful model, meets Karan, the Mittal scion, the heir to one of the richest families in the country. Mitali ‘s simple, middle-class upbringing is in complete contrast to Karan’s super-brat lifestyle. But Karan was smitten by Mitali. Accustomed to getting what he wants in life, Karan landed up at Mitali’s home with his parents with a marriage proposal. Delighted at their daughter’s luck, Mitali’s family approves the match and they both get married.
It was not long before Mitali’s dreams turned into her worst nightmare. Her mother-in-law detested her and created misunderstandings between Karan and her. Karan turned out to be a puppet in his mother’s hands and her father-in-law is a helpless, mute spectator. Karan has a certain pattern of dealing with women and wanted to subdue Mitali’s independent streak. He who appeared to be a loving husband was in fact a violent monster at night within the privacy of their bedroom.Unable to bear the humiliation and pain after she resisted his advances and is raped by him,Mitali decided to take charge of her life. She decided to fight back.Mitali walked out of her in-laws home, hired a lawyer and filed a case against her husband. Karan retaliated by hiring the best lawyer money can buy to fight on his behalf.
The film however was not received well by many and was never available online after its theatrical run for unknown reasons.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prem (Arbaaz Khan) is married to Sheetal (Tara Sharma) and has a lovely daughter with her as well. They are happy together...that is until a young model, Twinkle (Madhuri Bhattacharya) moves into town as their next door neighbor and Prem falls for her charms.
Will Prem forget that he is a married man? Will his daughter's love prove to be lesser than the love of a sizzling new girl? Will 7 years of marriage go down the drain?
Its a remake of Kannada film Bisi Bisi starring Ramesh Aravind, Anu Prabhakar, and Madhuri Bhattacharya
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film tells the story of Armaan Ali (Boman Irani), a Muslim driver working in Mumbai, who takes a one-month leave from his employer to find a groom for his daughter Muskaan (Minissha Lamba), who lives in a village near Hyderabad, India. Armaan does not turn up for three months, and his employer makes the difficult decision to sack him, but he asks his boss to listen to why he could not come. Getting soft, his employer allows him to drive to Pune where he has a meeting. Armaan starts the story from here.
In Armaan's village, many problems include a rising drought situation and financial difficulties due to the antics of his twin brother, who has a bad reputation for debt addiction and theft. In the opening, a man named Arif demands 500 rupees from Armaan. Eventually, Muskaan pays the debt to Arif and Armaan's brother is arrested, later on released. To solve the drought problem, he goes to a government office to build a well, with a friend. There, he goes through stages such as explaining what he wants and even having his photo taken. Muskaan, on the other hand falls in love with Arif, of which Armaan does not approve at first but later is pleased with.
Armaan does not receive the well he wanted and sits in despair. He and Muskaan try to tell the police inspector about the well that was 'stolen', but the inspector finds the story rather silly and is even stubborn enough to not listen to what they have to say. Disturbed, Armaan and Muskaan launch a protest with several villagers against the police inspector, later on to the justice minister, where the minister punishes the inspector for his slack behaviour. The inspector, realising his mistakes and behaviour, then starts to approach the people in a more orthodox way. The justice minister then allows the government people to build the well for the villagers and punishes them all for not doing what they are supposed to do.
With the drought problem solved, Armaan decides that Muskaan should marry an Arab sheikh. Muskaan does not accept her father's offer and even has an argument about this. The issue is even more heated when she receives a letter from her friend, Sakina, which involved her getting beat up by her sheikh husband and getting kicked out, shocking Armaan and Sakina's mother. Disturbed, Armaan then decides that Muskaan should marry Arif, much to her delight. With the two of Armaan's problems solved, he ends his story at an awards ceremony, which in his perspective was a 'big drama', as the stage literally collapsed, delighting people. With his employer convinced, he then allows Armaan to work for him again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is the story of the repercussions that have happened to a boy - a child artist who once played girl roles in films as Baby Kusum - once he becomes an adult and wants to be launched as a hero. Baby Kusum is a child star, a cute little girl. In reality, Baby Kusum is a boy, masquerading as a girl. He was named Jerry, and then renamed Master Jai for the movies. He and his mother Mary (Lilette) share a turbulent relationship. The boy’s family is poor and they want to make it big. The pressure of parents and ridicule make it a very sad situation for him. He becomes a drug-abuser who has never been to school and spends all his time at home. Eventually he creates an imaginary character he is in love with named Nandini [Bipasha Basu] who taunts him, fights with him, and questions his every move. Jerry is made to face the camera again as a young man, which leads to the final catastrophe. The film highlights the common practice in the Indian film industry of casting children in role contrary to their natural genders.
-----------------------------------------------------------
During the 1947 partition, the Lahore based family of Rajveer (Rishi Kapoor) and Amrit (Rekha) has to flee Pakistan and settle in Amritsar, Punjab. In the house that they get to stay, Amrit finds an abandoned baby boy of the Muslim family who owned the house but fled to Pakistan because of communal riots. Amrit raises the boy as her own and he grows up to be Ishaan (Luv Sinha). During a summer camp visit to Kashmir, Ishaan falls in love with Chandni (Ferena Wazeir). When he goes to her house to ask her hand in marriage, her father (Deep Dhillon) and uncle (Ahmed Khan) tell him to forget her as they are against her marrying a Sikh boy. When Amrit and Rajveer come to know about this they finally declare the truth to Ishaan that he is a Muslim in reality and not their own child. He doesn't believe them and Chandni's parents refuse to believe it without proof. The old couple then decide to track Ishaan's real parents down and also succeed. Ishaan's real mother, Benazir (Hema Malini) comes down with his real father (Javed Sheikh) to take back custody of a now grown up Ishaan. Chandni's parents immediately agree to the marriage when Ishaan's real parents visit their house. What complications arise when Ishaan's parents start making plans to take back Ishaan and his bride back to Pakistan and how they are handled by the principal characters forms the rest of the plot.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tum Milo To Sahi is a tale of ordinary people at different stages of life, who discover that, "their roots have intertwined so inseparably that they have become one tree and not two!" The film revolves around "art and fortunate accident", which happens to three different couples at three different stages of life – late teens, mid thirties, and late fifties. The three couples are either in the "breathlessness of being in love" or missing "that excitement". Wherever they may be to begin with, the journey of life makes them discover true love – that which is left over after "being in love" has burned away. Tum Milo To Sahi is a look at how that love makes the lives of these ordinary people.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rejected by females since his birth, Mumbai-based Rajesh Parekh works as a clap-boy with Bollywood film-maker Farah Khan, and lives a wealthy lifestyle with his father, Ramnikbhai, and mother, Sushila. The country is agog with the popularity of Farah's latest mega-star, Desh, who has a huge female fan following. Rajesh meets and is attracted to Desh's sister, Natasha, but ends up with heartbreak when she rejects him. While watching a movie in a drive-in theater, a gorgeous amazon lands in his arms, and passes out. He takes her home, confides in his friend, Kaushal Milan Tiwari, and attempts to find out who she is. The mystery increases when she communicates that she is from Venus, and is on Earth to find true love. They decide to name her Tara, and show her photos of two of the hottest males on Earth - Brad Pitt and Desh. Since the former is already taken, and the latter single, they decide to try and woo him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prince (Vivek Oberoi) is a sharp and intelligent burglar, but when he awakes one morning, he finds that he does not remember anything about his past. He goes to a club and meets a girl who claims to be his girlfriend Maya. The next day, he meets a second girl who claims to be his girlfriend named Maya. She also claims that they work for the police and are after a man named Sarang. She reveals that they must find a special coin and give it to Sarang, after which the cops will arrest him. This coin has a chip in it that can go into one's mind and change one's thoughts completely.
They find the coin inside Prince's shoe and give it to Sarang. Prince finds out that the second "Maya" is really a woman named Serena who works for Sarang. His servant P.K. works for Sarang along with her. The coin is revealed to be a fake. Just as Prince is trapped, the real Maya, who is in fact his girlfriend, saves him and tells him the actual story. The chip was put inside Prince so that he could work for Sarang. The two began running away. The chip made Prince's brain like a computer, so that once he woke up from sleep, he would forget everything.
Prince and Maya meet Sarang Chinea, who tells them a side effect: every morning when Prince wakes up, his brain crashes, which results in a lot of pain. He has only six days to live as a result. This particular day was the last day. Prince and Maya find the coin, which can save Prince, and Serena goes after them, leading to a high-profile chase. Prince manages to keep the coin safe but faints. A mysterious car arrives, pulls him in, and flees. Shortly after, Maya gets a phone call, saying she must come to a certain location if she wants Prince alive. The caller is a friend of Prince's named Mike. It is revealed that the first Maya that Prince had met at the club, is actually named Priya. Then Maya calls the police.
Priya takes the coin and runs away with it, but Mike tells Maya that he has the real coin; the one Priya fled with is a fake. While they are fixing an unconscious Prince, Priya returns, begging to be saved, but gets shot by Sarang and his gang. Prince awakes from his deep sleep. Sarang and his gang escape, but Prince puts a tracking device on Sarang. They track him down, and Prince and Sarang engage in a brief fight. Prince ultimately gets the coin and Sarang falls off a waterfall to his death. While Prince and Maya are looking forward to a happily-ever-after, in a twist ending, Serena's eyes open, implying that she is still alive.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Snehmoy Chatterjee (Rahul Bose) and Miyage (Chigusa Takaku) are pen pal friends who develop a deep and emotional relationship. Eventually, the pair exchange wedding vows through letters. Seventeen years pass but they never meet, yet the bond of marriage is strong between them. This unusual relationship is tested when a young widow, Sandhya (Raima Sen), comes to stay with Snehmoy along with her eight-year-old son Poltu. Snehmoy and the little boy bond and the arithmetic teacher discovers the joy of palpable bonds and fatherhood. He also develops an inexplicable thread of understanding with Sandhya too. Despite this Snehmoy remains loyal to his unseen Japanese wife. When Miyage is disgnosed with cancer and falls ill, Snehmoy takes a long leave of absence from his school and tries to find a cure for her illness. Snehmoy sets out one day during a storm to talk to the closest oncologist in Calcutta, but leaves upon realization that without Miyage physically being there, the doctor can do little. The storm turns violent, with harsh wind and rain. Snehmoy stops to call Miyage, and the exposure to the cold causes him to catch pneumonia when he returns to his house. Due to the continuing storm, no villagers are able to travel to Gosaba by boat to obtain the antibiotics required to cure his infection, and he dies some days later. After the sea calms down, Miyage, who is dressed in a white Sari and has a shaved head - traditional of Hindu widows, visits the house of her late husband. Sandhya welcomes her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins with a new English teacher Rahul Udyavar (Shahid Kapoor) joining Saraswati Vidya Mandir school, in the Mirpurkhas suburbs. He strikes instant rapport with students and teachers alike.
When Rahul Udyavar unifies the teachers (Ayesha Takia and Sushant Singh) against the atrocities of the school's management, Principal Aditya Sahay (Nana Patekar) defends the management's decision. This comes as a shocker to the teachers as Sahay is known for his dedication as an educator for the last 32 years who has built the school's high reputation.
The situation becomes graver as school management becomes overambitious with its growth and involves media planners in the extracurricular activities. This demands the involvement of students in TV reality shows and other media PR activities used for building the school's image in public which starts reflecting on the students' stress levels. The pressure on young minds increases incredibly, leading to unexpected and grim consequences.
Caught in the web of commercialization, the students go on strike unable to take the pressure, and it becomes a hectic situation. When the media comes to the school, asking questions about strike, Principle Sahay explains the whole situation and resigns. All the students request him not to leave and he shows some signs indicating that he would return.
-----------------------------------------------------------
On winning a new construction project, Rajiv moves with his family to a new place, one which is both close to the woods as well as the beach. Rajiv's mother has gone to Rishikesh, so he stays there only with his wife Arati, 2 kids and housemaid Laxmi. Rajiv's kids, Raksha and Rohan begin exploring the new place and the surroundings - the lonely beach and then the woods behind the house. They are soon visited by Rajiv's sister Arushi and her husband Ronnie, who have come to spend some time with the family.
The terror begins with Raksha and Rohan finding a doll in the woods and bringing it home. It happens to be a doll controlled by the ghost of Madhu, who has now returned from the dead to take revenge on Rajiv. It then progresses to a series of highly traumatizing experiences for the whole family. Madhu enters Arati and she begins to act weirdly. Rajiv soon realizes that Madhu has returned from the grave and wants revenge. He immediately informs his friend Vinay, who helped him previously in killing Madhu, and his friend sets out to find Anshuman, Madhu's husband, hoping that the latter can be of some help. But unfortunately on his way he is attacked in his car by Madhu and he meets with an accident.
Manja, the exorcist who kills Madhu, meets a gruesome death at the hands of her ghost. Advised by Vinay, now Rajiv approaches another exorcist, but he is not of much help. He advises Rajiv to leave the city and go someplace where Madhu cannot reach him. Eventually this man is also killed by Madhu's possessed doll, but not before he manages to burn it.
Now the grotesque killings begin. The watchman and Laxmi are murdered brutally, Arushi is drowned in the swimming pool of the house, and Arati, possessed by Madhu's bala spirit, acts weird. Rajiv is left alone with his 2 children at home, and Arati(Madhu) begins to traumatize them from all directions. Rohan and Ronnie are trapped in their room, with no way to help. The ghost attacks Rajiv and Raksha, and stabs Rajiv. It then moves to kill Raksha, with a wounded and helpless Rajiv trying his best to protect her in the heavy rain. Finally they reach the terrace, where Rajiv attacks Arati and pushes her off the rooftop, and she falls to her death. The ghost now leaves Arati and the family for the time being.
The film ends with Rajiv carrying Arati into the house, with Raksha, Rohan and Ronnie looking on.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Preeti Sengupta (Tanushree Dutta) is an air hostess living with her boyfriend Karan Malhotra (Rohit Roy). They share a nice 2BHK apartment in the northern suburbs of Mumbai and are befriended by their elderly neighbor Madhusudan Tanha (Anupam Kher), a struggling poet and lyricist. Tanha is a loner living with his only companion, a Persian cat whom he lovingly calls Shehzadi.
Preeti is possessive and has issues with trust. When she mistakenly suspects her boyfriend to be unfaithful, she throws him out of the house, but soon realizes she can't afford the apartment rent on her own. On the advice of a fellow airhostess, she advertises for a tenant to share her apartment. Enter Neha Bhardwaj (Neetu Chandra), a modest small-town girl asking for accommodation. Very impressed by her simplicity and respectfulness, Preeti believes she has found a perfect roommate. The two girls soon become close - their camaraderie leads them to become companions.
Then things begin to go disastrously wrong - slowly and steadily. Preeti's seemingly normal life is thrown off gear - with a series of incidents that take her by surprise. Is it just coincidence or is someone deliberately causing all the trouble? Is Neha really as simple as she seems? In the grip of mystery, unforeseen and gruesome events and murder as its heinous best, the truth seems shocking as it unfolds. As Neha and Preeti are torn apart by suspicion, deceit and betrayal, the question is - what is really going on?
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot of the movie is based on the original script of Jayant Pawar, which highlights the consequences of the atrocities towards the mill workers, totally ignored by the Government. The film is a story of a family of mill workers in Mumbai. It traces the birth of the politics of greed in Mumbai and exposes the collusion between the triumvirate of big business, the political establishment and the trade union leaders who ostensibly were charged with protecting the rights of the mill workers. In the two decades that followed, the entire landscape of Central Bombay was changed forever. Land became the currency of growth, and this began the systematic extinction of mills in Bombay. In a matter of just a few years, hundreds of thousands of workers lost their means of livelihood. Having worked in these mills from generation to generation, this was the only vocation that they knew.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The main player in Chase to get to the "truth" is Sohail Ansari (Anuj Saxena), an ex-BSF Commando on the run. DIG Ranveer Tyagi (Rajesh Khattar) has vested interest in getting to the bottom of a murder of the State Industries Minister Vishwajeet Rana in which Sohail is involved and has access to vital information. Inspector Siddharth (Sameer Kochhar) is the right hand of the DIG who is monitoring Sohail's actions. Sohail is chased by Siddharth and the policemen and in the process, Sohail gets badly injured and nabbed. Due to his condition, under the advice of Dr AK Sehgal, (Denzil Smith) Sohail is sent under police protection to the Neurological Research Institute, Panchgani for observation and rehab. In this scenario enters Nupur Chauhan (Udita Goswami) as the nurse to attend to Sohail. She finds out that Sohail is not in a vegetative state but only acting it out. She helps him in escaping from the police. The other players of this Chase are Surabhee (Tareena Patel), who is a TV journalist and also Sohail's love interest and industrialist Anil Khanna (Aditya Raj Kapoor), who is interested to get his Rs 1000 crore Power Plant project approved by the Govt. Added to this there is Anthony D'Costa (Gulshan Grover), who is also in search for the truth. The hunt for Sohail and search for truth takes us through the streets of Mumbai in an exciting and thrilling Chase. The truth has the potential of blowing up the entire political system apart. The line between truth and lies gets blurred. Who is the victim and who is the criminal? What you see may not be the real truth. Do the criminals get caught? Does the victim get justice ? Who are Sohail Ansari and Nupur and what is the role of Anthony D'Costa? This Chase for the truth ends in a nail-biting, tense and unusual climax which will leave you spell bound. It is said that you are innocent till proven guilty, but what happens when the law is interested in punishing the accused without verifying his innocence or guilt? What happens when the law upholders are ruthless and have no scruples?
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows Aarush, (Akshay Kumar), a 'panauti' (an unlucky person), who works in bar and gets money as people lose games of poker. After being rejected from getting married by a girl he dearly loves (Malaika Arora Khan), he then gets punched by her elder brother telling him to keep away from her. Aarush goes to London to stay for some time with his best friend, Bob (Riteish Deshmukh) and his wife, Hetal (Lara Dutta), both working at a casino owned by Kishore Samtani (Randhir Kapoor). Although at first Hetal is displeased with Aarush's presence, he proves to be a kind-hearted man looking for a family. Bob and Hetal decide to get him married to their boss' daughter, Devika Samtani (Jiah Khan). After the marriage, on their honeymoon in Italy, Devika leaves him for her longtime American boyfriend Benny. Aarush decides to commit suicide by drowning in the sea but is saved by a Telugu girl, Sandy (Deepika Padukone), who he kisses when she tries to make him breathe by giving him mouth to mouth.
Sandy originally thinks Aarush is a pervert but when Aakhri Pasta (Chunkey Pandey), the owner of Italy's "biggest" hotel where Aarush was spending his honeymoon with Devika, tells Sandy that Aarush is a widower as a joke and his wife died the day of their honeymoon, she befriends him and slowly falls in love with him. What she doesn't know is that Aakhri Pasta was only joking. Aarush calls Bob and Hetal to Italy telling him about the entire situation. Sandy then tells them that they helped Aarush after the death of his "wife" both misinterpret the situation that Aarush lied to Sandy about the dead wife. He later then meets Devika and asks for divorce papers. She then finds out his wife is alive and leaves him. Sandy does not allow Aarush to enter her room so he climbs from her balcony. Pasta thinks Aarush is committing suicide and live telecast is conducted. Sandy then switches on her tv and goes to her balcony but later when Aarush manages to clear the confusion, she accepts him.
The only way Aarush and Sandy can get married is by convincing her elder brother, Major Krishna Rao (Arjun Rampal), a strict Indian Military Intelligence officer who loves his sister and is over-protective of her. Meanwhile, Hetal lies to her father, Batuk Patel (Boman Irani), that Bob owns a mansion and they have a child, so she can meet him after so many years. On the other hand, Sandy tells her brother that Aarush is quite well to do too. The four are then forced to rent a mansion to make Hetal's dad believe that Bob owns it. Confusion prevails and somehow Batuk accidentally believes that Aarush is married to Hetal, and Bob is the cook. In the confusion they bring an African child and pretend that it is the baby.Then, Krishna turns up earlier than expected, much to Aarush's horror that Krishna was the one who punched him earlier leading to more lies and the two couples making him believe that Aarush owns the mansion.
For half of the term, the four must pretend that the mansion is owned by Bob, and the rest must pretend that Aarush owns it. Batuk Patel and the Landlady are Aarush's pseudo parents while Hetal is his sister and Bob is his brother in law. An overly suspicious Krishna goes to the casino as his bag was exchanged with Kishore Samtani. Krishna then sees Bob and Hetal working at the casino and as soon as they spot Krishna, they hide from him. Krishna then uses a lie detector on Aarush to find the truth. After Sandy objects, Krishna apologizes and agrees to Aarush and Sandy's marriage. The whole family is invited to the Royal Palace to see Krishna get rewarded by the Queen of England. While this is happening, two workers, Santa (Suresh Menon) and Banta Singh (Manoj Pahwa), are meant to be installing air conditioning gas for the place. However instead they accidentally supply the hall with laughing gas causing everyone to break into an outburst of laughter. During this laughter, the truth is let out but no one seems to be in the right state of mind.
The two workers meanwhile stop the gas from spreading – everyone comes back to their senses. Aarush is still telling Krishna the truth, leading Krishna to break off Sandy's engagement. However, after Sandy tearfully pleads with him, Krishna lets the two get married. In the end, Hetal and Bob live together with Batuk Patel, and Aarush's luck changes for the better.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 1994 middle-class Bombay, three ordinary youngsters, Karan (Shahid Kapoor), Zing (Meiyang Chаng) and Chandu (Vir Das), graduate from college and go for a trip to Bangkok, Thailand, where they meet Bulbul (Anushka Sharma), and they start a business together. Karan eventually falls in love with her. Karan tells her that he always wanted to start his own business but his father Anupam Kher wants him to study MBA. On the other hand, Bulbul confessed that she wants to be a super model, and advised Karan that he does not need a large amount of money to start a business, but a big "idea".Back in India, Karan's father has a heart attack. Karan's mother pawns her jewelery in order to arrange some amount of money for better facilities and an AC room at hospital as his insurance could only afford a Non-AC room. This leaves Karan heart-broken, and he immediately decides to get rich by any means, he decided to start his own venture along with his friends. He comes up with an idea for smuggling branded Reebok shoes in India without any custom charges. For this, they had to separate the consignment into two halves, one with only left shoes at Calcutta and other with only right shoes at Madras. At both places, the buyer will refuse to receive the consignment, hence the entire consignment will be confiscated. The confiscated consignment will then be auctioned in which the Chandu (in Calcutta) and Karan (in Madras) will buy the entire consignment, pretending they are scrap dealers. Once the right shoe pairs up with left shoe, the zero valued product comes into full value which can be sold at any profit without any custom charges. They name their venture "Friends and Company" and proceed to make a large fortune with it. When Karan is caught by his father putting away the black money, he explains the situation, including the fact that he is doing business with a smuggler. As a result, he is forced to leave the house and starts living with Bulbul and uses her to get contracts. After the government in India decides to reduce the import duty on foreign goods (including shoes), the friends decide to go to America. They get help from Karan's Uncle Jazz (Pavan Malhotra.) They do the same business in USA as they did in India, only this time they imported Leather Gloves.Not in much time, the group become excessively rich and started to live royally.The police start to suspect Karan and his team, owing to which they change their business. Instead, one of the friends rents a lavish house for one hundred thousand dollars by taking a loan from a bank. Then the house will be sold to another friend and again that friend will take loan from the same bank, hence repeating the cycle. Since the property of the person who cannot return the loan is used to be seized by the bank, one of them will declare thyself as bankrupt and the house gets seized, with an actual worth at one hundred thousand dollars, but the company had already gained two hundred thousand dollars profit. However, Karan becomes too greedy and the group begins to fall apart. Karan and Zing get into an argument about Zing's excessive drinking; Zing leaves and opens his own bar. Bulbul leaves when she finds out that Karan has married another woman for a green card; Chandu gets married and quits the company to start a video store. Alone and heartbroken, Karan visits India and secretly attends a function where his father is being honored for his years of service to his company. Upon seeing this, he realizes his mistake. On his return to America, he is arrested and put in jail for 6 months. He is bailed out after Bulbul comes and gives up Zing's, Chandu's and her share from what they earned in the company. Karan starts working with his uncle. One day, he meets Bulbul, who is revealed to be pregnant with his child and the lovers reconcile. At Uncle Jazz's office, Karan finds out that his uncle's entire consignment of imported shirts from Madras has been rejected as the color bleeds after washing. The news reached to stock market due to which Jazz company's share fall down to 30% . Karan sees and opportunity and thinks of another brilliant idea and Karan patches up with Zing, Chandu, and his family to start another new venture. This time, he makes Jazz's buyers believe that his company offers a new kind of shirt in market, which changes its color every time it is washed, hence a common man gets a new shirt every time he wash it. The buyers ordered a trial order of 5000 pieces and the public go crazy over this new shirt, due to which Karan gets another order, this time for much bigger amount of shirts. The shares of Jazz's company sky rocketed as the public really appreciates and buys the shirts at an overwhelming high rate, hence recovering his Uncle Jazz' loss. Karan,Zing,Chandu and Bulbul are now partners with Jazz in "Friends and Company" ,but is turned into a public limited company. With his wife, son, friends, and having made his father proud, Karan is finally content with his life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mrs Sethi (Shabana Azmi) is a widow living in Southall who wants to marry off her only daughter, for she is alone and unhappy. Her daughter, Roopi, (Goldy Notay) is a little plump and opinionated. Mrs Sethi finds that all her matchmaking efforts are rudely rejected. She avenges this behaviour toward her daughter by murdering the failed dates using her culinary skills. A police hunt begins for a serial murderer using a killer curry.
Mrs Sethi does not feel guilty until the spirits of her victims come back to haunt her. They are unable to reincarnate until their murderer dies. Mrs Sethi must kill herself to free the spirits, but vows to get her daughter married first.
The spirits realise that helping Roopi find a suitable husband before the police catch Mrs Sethi is in their best interests, and everyone begins to work together. Meanwhile, Roopi catches the eye of the young Sergeant investigating the case.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Khogiram Gwala, Ritu Gwala and their children Pinu and Rimzim .They don't have enough money for uniform or shoes. Things become worse when Pinu misplaces Rimzim's only pair of shoes in the vegetable shop. Pinu tells Rimzim about the shoes and begs her not to tell their mother; she agrees. Rimzim can't go to school without her shoes. They work out a scheme where both of them share the same shoes. Rimzim will wear them to school in the morning and hand them off to Pinu at midday so he can attend afternoon classes. However, Pinu always gets into trouble at school waiting for Rimzim to give him the shoes. She takes Pinu to their house to shows the place and they find out that family is poorer than them. A day after, Rimzim is attracted to a new shiny pair of shoes that the same poor girl is wearing. She asks her about what she did with her previous pair of shoes and when she learns that the girl had thrown away her old pair of shoes, she is greatly disappointed. Temporarily, Khogiram, desperate for money, borrows some gardening equipment and heads off with Pinu to the rich suburbs of the town to find some gardening work. They try many mansions until a mansion belonging to a 6-year-old girl and her grandmother agreed. While Pinu plays with the 6-year-old girl, his father works. Meanwhile, Pinu comes to know of the Interschool Marathon where one of the prizes is a pair of shoes. Pinu enters the marathon race in the hope of receiving the third prize of a new pair of sneakers (the first prize being free education to the winner till he completes high school), which he could exchange for girl sneakers and give to Rimzim. He accidentally wins the race and is placed first. He is shocked and cries on the podium as he watches in despair at the new pair of sneakers being awarded to the third placed runner. The film ends with Rimzim finding out that she will not get a new pair of shoes, but there is a quick shot of their father's bicycle at the end of the movie that shows what appears to be red shoes with red trimming for Rimzim and another pair of white basketball shoes, presumably for Pinu, whose old shoes were torn from so much use
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film Kushti is the story of a small village in Northern India where wrestling is a popular sport and an important wrestling match is held every year. Every year rivals Avtar Singh (Sharat Saxena) and Jiten Singh (Om Puri) try to beat each other in the wrestling match and gain the trusteeship of the village. Chander (Rajpal Yadav) plays the role of a village simpleton and a post-master.
It filled with misunderstandings and misconceptions, of hidden identities and secret love-affairs and the outcome is simply hilarious. The movie begins to take a turn when a certain someone delivers a secret package in the wrong hands. Especially someone, who is bound to take advantage and manipulate the real owner of the package.
Avtar Singh has a young and a beautiful daughter named Laadli (Nargis), with who Chander is madly in love. To get her father's approval for their marriage he was to first prove his prowess by wrestling with the 7 and half feet tall "Rama Krishna" (Dalip Singh Rana). The condition set by Avtar Singh is that Chander has to defeat "Khali" in the wrestling match!!
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jai (Hrithik Roshan) is a dance teacher in Las Vegas, Nevada. As a sideline, he marries immigrant women to get her green cards. When Gina (Kangana Ranaut), the rich daughter of a powerful casino owner Bob (Kabir Bedi), falls for him, Jai goes along to marry into money. He discovers that his future brother-in-law, the vicious, homicidal Tony (Nicholas Brown), is about to marry a Mexican woman named Natasha (Bárbara Mori), whom Jai knows as Linda, the last of the immigrant women he married. On the night before "Natasha" and Tony's wedding, Linda and Jai spend a romantic but chaste night, humorously agreeing to a "divorce". A jealous, gun-wielding Tony arrives at her apartment while Jai is there. After he hits her, Linda impulsively knocks him out with a heavy object while he tussles with Jai. Linda and Jai go on the run toward Mexico, with Tony and police in pursuit. They are helped by a friend of Jai, Robin (Anand Tiwari). Robin gives them fake passports and IDs so that they can go wherever they want.
In the following week, Jai and Linda get married in Mexico. On the day of their wedding, they come back to their house. There, Robin comes to give them the passports and is unexpectedly shot by Tony and his men. Linda and Jai escape, but Jai is shot in the process. In a car chase, Linda stops the car at a train, puts Jai aboard it, and drives off. Back to the present, Jai meets with Jamaal, one of Bob's employees, and is ambushed. Jamaal is killed but not before telling Jai of Linda's whereabouts. Jai kills off all of Tony's men and then kills Tony by smashing his face into the car door. He is shot then by Gina. He drives off to the location where Jamaal said Linda was last seen. It is shown that after Jai was put aboard the train, Linda was ambushed on a cliff and sent Jai a text message saying "I am going...Sorry, Forget me". She drives off of the cliff, killing herself by drowning. Jai cries and then smiles, jumping off the cliff as well. Finally, he is reunited with Linda under the ocean, and they embrace through death.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with the life of Bharti Rai the daughter of chief minister Ramnath Rai. Influenced by leftist ideology, she rebels against her father and joins the rival party of leftist leader Bhaskar Sanyal . Bharti develops an illicit relationship with Bhaskar, who, guilt-ridden over taking advantage of the younger woman, leaves for parts unknown, having unwittingly gotten Bharti pregnant. Upon the child's birth, he is abandoned in a boat by Brij Gopal Bharti's brother. This leaves her devastated. Bharti later marries Chandra Pratap, the younger brother of Bhanu Pratap . Bhanu leads the Rashtrawadi political party. The story tooks a turn, when the state government collapses and Bhanu suffers a stroke. In the hospital, he hands over power to his brother Chandra. Chandra's son, Prithviraj Pratap tries to take advantage of his father's power and starts to impose his own decisions on the party, which results in a clash with Veerendra Pratap. Chandra also take side of his son, sidelining Virendra. When Prithvi rejects the nomination of a local leader, Sooraj Kumar, who is chosen by the common people, Virendra gives his support to Suraj. Unknown to all, Suraj is Bharti's abandoned son, who was found and whose upbringing was done by Pratap's family driver Ram Charittar. Then comes the younger son of Chandra, Samar Pratap from America and meets his childhood friend Indu . Indu loves Samar and thinks he loves her too. When Chandra and Prithvi try to kick Virendra out of his father's party, he ask Sooraj for help. Sooraj ends up assassinating Chandra in his car, while he is returning from the airport after seeing off his younger son, Samar. In an ensuing drama, Prithvi is arrested by police under the influence of Veerendra and put on trial for raping a party worker. Samar comes to the rescue and tricks Veerendra into dropping all charges upon his brother, promising that his brother will resign and that he will move with his family to the U.S. However, Samar does not keep his promise and he, with Prithvi, begins rallying public support. After that Bhanu officially expels Prithvi, the latter splits from the Rashtrawadi party and contests elections under "Jana Shakti party", a new party with Gopal as his mentor and Samar as the executive. Meanwhile, Samar's American girlfriend Sarah (Sarah Thompson) arrives in India to see the situation. To raise funds for the new party, Samar shrewdly ensures Prithvi's marriage to Indu. Though Indu had always loved Samar, Samar only thought of Indu as a friend and loved Sarah.
The circumstances gets murkier with both sides trying every trick to ensure their victory in upcoming elections. Allegations and counter-allegations are made. Subsequently, Samar uncovers that the real murderers of his father are Sooraj and Veerendra, and decides to take revenge. On the other hand, Prithvi executes the former police officer, who had arrested him, and the woman worker at a farmhouse. Veerendra again seeks help from Sooraj and Sooraj makes a plan to assassinate Samar, being aware that Samar was behind all the tricks .A car bomb is planted in Samar's car. Prithvi goes to save Samar and Sarah, who were to be dropped off at the airport in that car. He manages to save Samar but is killed while trying to save Sarah in vain. Devastated by the loss of his brother and girlfriend, Samar decides to retaliate. He suggests Indu to take the reins of the party and arranges the election campaign single-handedly.
Meanwhile, Sooraj is revealed to be the first child of Bharti, who implores him to join his younger brother Samar. Sooraj refuses to part ways with Veerendra and asks his mother to leave. Exit polls predict a victory for Indu's party. On the counting day, Samar lures Veerendra and Sooraj to an unused factory by spreading a rumour about electronic voting machines being hacked. They fall in the trap, and Veerendra gets shot by Samar and his men. Sooraj has an open opportunity to shoot Samar, but can't bring himself to do it since he knows Samar is his brother. Sooraj requests Samar to leave him and Veerendra till they reach the hospital, but Veerendra dies on the way. Gopal prompts Samar to shoot Sooraj who questions the morality of the act, but Gopal convinces him to take revenge for the destruction of his family. Samar shoots Sooraj.
The election results are declared, and Indu emerges with majority and becomes CM. Samar is seen asking forgiveness and is seen attempting reconciliation with Indu. They show Indu accepting Samar's apology and the two reconciling. Explaining his decision to return to America, he reflects that he always wanted to stay away from politics as politics is a game that brings out the "inner devil]]. Indu is revealed to be pregnant with Prithvi's child, while Samar leaves India to look after Sarah's mother and settle there.
-----------------------------------------------------------
There is a proverb which says that whatever is written in one’s destiny in some way or the other actually happens. But if we fight against it, and make the incident happen in a different way- then what? This film follows Rashi (Manisha Koirala) A woman who doesn't know what her destiny has written for her. One day she gets fired from her job and now is ready to leave on the next train, but in that one second that she has to decide whether to take the train or not to, she chooses not to. From then the film follows.
The film is Saroj Entertainment Pvt Ltd first home production.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Beera Munda, a bandit, jumps off a cliff into the water. His gang distracts the police and police vehicles are set on fire. Ragini Sharma, on a boating trip, is kidnapped by Beera. Dev Pratap Sharma, her husband and a superintendent of police, is informed of her abduction.
A montage showcases Beera's story. He is seen as a local hero, who runs a parallel government, with his brothers, Mangal and Hariya, and is considered a terrorist by the police. He kidnaps Ragini to avenge the death of his sister Jamunia. Ragini refuses to die at the bandit's hands and jumps off the cliff, but survives and Beera holds off her killing, as he sees it useless to kill someone who has no fear of death.
Dev and his team enter the forests with the aid of a forest guard, Sanjeevani Kumar, but they are unable to find Beera. Beera and Mangal infiltrate the police tents when Dev is not present and come upon Inspector Hemant , Dev's junior and his assistant. They kidnaps Hemant, take him to their hideout and bury him in the ground with only his head sticking out.
Ragini discovers Hemant in this condition and reproaches Beera and Mangal for such inhuman acts. Beera tells the story of his sister's death; Dev had led an encounter against Beera during Jamunia's wedding. Dev's shot grazed Beera in the neck. Beera escaped, but Hemant captured and took Jamunia to the police station. She was kept in police custody all night and was serially raped by the policemen, when she refused to reveal Beera's whereabouts. The next day, she committed suicide by drowning in a nearby well. Hearing Beera's story, Ragini feels sorry for him. The two also starts developing feelings for each other. While Beera reveals his feelings openly to Ragini, she tries to hide hers as she is still devoted to Dev.
Sanjeevani Kumar sneaks into the place where Ragini is kept. He tells her of Dev's search for her, but Mangal comes from behind and captures Sanjeevani. He is taken as prisoner in front of Beera and tells him to return Ragini to Dev, or be responsible for the destruction of his people. Beera bluntly refuses the advice.
Hariya convinces Beera to allow him to offer a truce to Dev. He goes with Sanjeevani to their camp. Dev initially agrees, but when Hariya comes out in the open, Dev kills him, revealing that the destruction of Beera is more important to him than saving his wife.
Enraged at his brother's death, Beera sets the police tents on fire in an ambush attack with his gang. Dev and Beera come face to face for a final confrontation on an old mountain bridge. Dev fights Beera with brute force, but Beera outwits him. Beera saves Dev from falling to his death because his wife was waiting for him. Beera releases Ragini and she and Dev re-unite. However, Dev yells at an invisible Beera, vowing to return and destroy him.
While on their way home, Dev accuses Ragini of infidelity and claims it was Beera who told him of it. Infuriated, Ragini leaves Dev to meet Beera through Mangal. They however realize Dev lied, hoping Ragini would lead him to his hideout. Dev appears with a police team and confront the duo, reminding Beera of his vow. Ragini stands in front of Beera to save him, but Beera pushes her out of the line of fire and is shot multiple times. Ragini's true feelings surface when she tries to save Beera with all her might. Content that she too has feelings for him, Beera falls off the cliff to his death with a smile.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Neera Singh (Aruna Shields) & Karan Singh (Naved Aslam) are a couple living in London. Neera works in a small company, while Karan is at a big position in an advertising company. Neera is living in a bliss, until she eavesdrops a phone call of her husband. That phone call raises a suspicion in Neera's mind. Neera's fears are confirmed & she tracks down the woman's residence. But when a man opens the door, Neera is unsure of what to do. She tells the man that she came on a wrong address & leaves.
The man is Ashwin Mehta (Prashant Narayanan), a painter, an artist having a personal studio. Ashwin is the husband of Sakhi (Lucy Hassan), the woman with whom Karan is having an affair. Ashwin sees Sakhi with Karan & secretly follows them to a hotel. Neera is already present there & gives him evidence of the extramarital affair. But Neera leaves Ashwin in a huff when she sees that he is apparently not angry over the situation. However, they meet each other again. The duo approach a rapport & Neera even decides to pose for him.
Slowly Ashwin & Neera shed their inhibitions. They start getting attracted to each other & even end up having sex. Their guilt is only assuaged by the fact that they are getting back at their cheating spouses. Neera even lets Ashwin draw a nude of her. All this time, both Sakhi & Karan are unaware of it. However, when Neera says that she hopes Ashwin becomes a big artist & even more successful than Karan, Ashwin flares up & tells her that Karan's only achievement is that he is sleeping with Sakhi. Since Ashwin is doing the same thing with Neera, he has already settled a score. Hurt by those words, Neera leaves him.
The contact between Ashwin & Neera breaks. One day, Neera comes to break off with him, saying that their relationship cannot go anywhere & has to end some day. A heartbroken Ashwin comes home, only to find Sakhi waiting for him. Sakhi seems very happy. She shows Ashwin the nude of Neera & tells him that she liked the painting. Sakhi, who has no idea of the story behind the painting, has suddenly warmed up to the idea of having a baby. Ashwin decides to give a second chance to his marital life.
One day, Neera & Karan are walking by an exhibition where Karan is surprised sees Neera's nude that was made by Ashwin. Neera calmly walks in into the exhibition & faces a pregnant Sakhi shown standing by the painting. Sakhi recognizes Neera & understands the situation. Both Karan & Sakhi are shocked to see each other. Ashwin & Sakhi continue living happily, while Neera calls it quits with Karan & moves out of Karan's home.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Simran (Sonam Kapoor) loves Bollywood romances so much so that her life has begun to resemble one. With her awesome job and a "Mr. Perfect" fiancé, Raj (Sameer Dattani), she lives a dreamy life. But then comes Jay (Imran Khan), who brings a fresh joy into her life. Jay is an assistant to a director who is famous for his love story films; however, Jay hates love stories. He is a disbeliever of love. He first hates Simran for her obsession with romance, and Simran also has a bad impression of him, but soon after, the two become friends.
Simran's close bond with Jay brings problems in her love life. She feels that Raj is not right for her, and falls in love with Jay, dreaming of spending her entire life with him. She decides to confess her feelings to him, but after doing so, Jay explains that he never thought of her that way—they were only best friends. Heartbroken, Simran leaves and does not speak to Jay.
Jay finds that her absence in his life upsets him and realizes that he has fallen in love with her. He plans a romantic dinner, asking Simran to meet him. He admits that he loves her but this time, she rejects him, as she does not want to hurt Raj's feelings after giving him another chance. A brokenhearted Jay tries to accept the fact that he has lost Simran to Raj. However, Jay's friends and his mother persuade him to not give up on Simran. Jay tries to make Simran jealous but soon realizes that manipulating her feelings will hurt her even more.
Meanwhile, Raj proposes to Simran, and she accepts. But, Simran realizes she doesn't love Raj, and tells him so. She goes to the movie premiere, where she hopes to meet Jay. On the other hand, Jay is leaving, as he has given up all hopes of being with Simran. At the airport, he talks to his mother and she again asks him not to give up. Encouraged, Jay runs back to the premiere. He finds Simran outside the theater and the two express their love for each other and hug, finally getting their happy ending.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Priya Malhotra (Kareena Kapoor) is an orphan who hopes to have a family of her own and keeps a diary outlining her dreams and the type of man she wants to meet – someone who does not drink, smoke or tell lies. She is skeptical when her friend Honey's (Delnaaz Paul) aunt, a card reader, Sunita Rao (Kirron Kher), predicts that she will go to a foreign land and find the love of her life in seven days. She is pleasantly surprised when she is selected to go to a Youth Festival in Bangkok.
That is where Amit (Shahid Kapoor) enters. Amit is a complete opposite to what Priya wants in a guy. He smokes, drinks, and lies. Due to his bad habits, Amit is being chased by security and runs into Priya's hostel room. Before he leaves, he sees Priya and falls in love with her. He takes her diary and escapes. He then pretends to be the total guy Priya wants to be with, and the two start a relationship. Soon enough, Priya spots her diary in his room, and realises he had stolen her diary and acted to be like her dream man. She breaks up with him, and leaves the country to go Delhi and forget about her past.
After she reaches the airport, Amit also arrives, and explains to her that destiny wants them together. Priya does not believe him and therefore challenges him that if destiny did want them together, they would both find them again in future. In order to prove it, she asks Amit to write his name and phone number on a note and uses the same note to buy a Numerology book, in which she writes her own name and phone number and further she sells it in market at second hand rate.
If she receives the same note again and if Immy finds that book with her name and number on it, then it will prove that they love each other and its destiny that wants them together. Three years later, Amit is engaged to Sofiya (Aarti Chhabria) and Priya is engaged to Jatin. However, a week before the marriage, both of them land up in Delhi again looking for each other.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ali Hassan (Ali Zafar) is a reporter with Danka TV, a downmarket local TV channel in Karachi, Pakistan. He is keen to migrate to the US for a better life and wants to work for an American news channel. He gets a chance to fly to the US, but ruins it on board while filming his own audition. He recites the words "Hijack" and "Bomb" too many times; thus scaring his fellow passengers and flight crew. As soon as he reaches the USA, he is deported. Furthermore, because of this incident his visa application is rejected six times in seven years. While covering a local event for his channel, he comes across an Osama Bin Laden look-alike, Noora (Pradhuman Singh), and hits upon an idea to make a fake Osama tape. He manages to convince his assistant Gul (Nikhil Ratnaparkhi) about the merits of his plan. With help from his travel agent's assistant Zoya (Sugandha Garg) and a local radio jockey Qureshi (Rahul Singh), he is able to make the tape by tricking Noora into unknowingly posing as Bin Laden. He then sells the tape to the owner of his channel, hoping to raise money for a new false identity, a new passport and a renewed attempt at getting the elusive US visa. However, the gravity of their action strikes them when the US Government takes the tape seriously and gets involved, as do the Pakistani intelligence agencies. Noora, too, comes to know about the trick played upon him and goes into hiding in his house.
Ali decides to defuse the situation by making another tape in which Osama would be declaring ceasefire with US. He manages to convince Noora and Qureshi. During the shooting of the tape in Danka TV studio, Noora unwittingly detonates a grenade, which kills his beloved prize rooster. Depressed, Noora runs away from the location with the Osama-makeup still on, forcing Ali and his team to follow suit. They manage to get hold of Noora and try to convince him for another shoot. Meanwhile, the FBI team, led by Ted Wood (Barry John) and Usman (Chinmay Mandlekar), head of the Pakistani intelligence agency tracks down the location of Ali and his team. The police arrests Noora, Ali and his team. Ted is delirious that he could at last catch Osama bin Laden. However, during the interrogation, the truth is revealed and to save Ted's face, Ali convinces him about his idea of making a tape of Osama declaring ceasefire. The film ends with US accepting the offer of ceasefire and Ted getting elected as Defence Secretary. Ali is, at last, able to make it to the US and Noora too changes his lifestyle, marries Zoya and helps her with the daily routine in her beauty parlor. Usman is shown to be admitted in a mental hospital as he tries to tell the truth to the world.
-----------------------------------------------------------
17-year-old Rohan is expelled from the reputed Bishop Cotton School, Shimla boarding school along with three friends Vikram, Benoy and Maninder when they are caught by their warden watching an adult movie off campus.
Rohan returns home to Jamshedpur to a stern ,abusive and alcoholic father and a 6-year-old half-brother, Arjun (whose existence Rohan hadn't known about), not knowing what's in store for him. His father forces him to jog every morning and race him at the last leg. Rohan then must work at his father's metal works factory and attend engineering classes at the local university immediately afterwards. His father's disappointment takes the form of verbal and physical abuse and constant humiliation. Rohan's kind uncle supports his ambitions of being a writer but his father will have none of it. One night he sneaks out of the house, takes his father's car and goes to a local bar. There he meets some seniors from his college who try to rag him but later become his friends. This - taking his father's car and drinking at the bar - becomes a regular habit.
An uninterested Rohan deliberately fails the exam so that his father will give up on him, leaving him free to pursue his dream of becoming a writer. At the same time, his father is summoned to school to take Arjun away because of something he has done. This causes his father to lose an important contract. Rohan comes home to a scene where Arjun is being rushed to the hospital for some unknown reason. His father says that Arjun fell down the stairs. Fearful of complicating matters, Rohan lies to his father and says that he passed his exams. His father then goes to Calcutta on an urgent business trip leaving Rohan to take care of Arjun in the hospital.
In the hospital, Rohan impresses a lot of people including doctors and nurses with his stories and poems. He befriends Arjun and discovers that he was beaten by their father after losing the contract. His father returns from Calcutta and finds that Rohan has failed the exams. Enraged, the father assaults Rohan in the night but apologizes the very next day. The next morning their father declares that he is going to marry again and decides to send Arjun to a boarding school while Rohan is supposed to quit college in order to work full-time at the factory. When Rohan's uncle offers to take Arjun in, he is belittled by Rohan's father for his impotency and thrown out of the house while Rohan pleads with his uncle to take him away. Furious about this, his father burns Rohan's diary where he has written all his poems. Some time later, Rohan's father introduces his new wife and step-daughter to Rohan. On his 18th birthday, his father gives him his watch, originally belonging to Rohan's great-grandfather and says that he should continue the tradition. Rohan calls his friend Maninder, who is living a successful and happy life with his friends in Mumbai and breaks down on the phone unable to say anything about his own life to his friends.
One day, Rohan takes all his frustration out on his father's car by a river but some policemen happen to see him in the act. He spends a night in prison after his father comes to know about the car and leaves him to his fate. He finds his to-be stepmother and her relatives in the house when he returns. Rohan learns from Arjun that he would be leaving for boarding school the next day. Rohan simply wishes him luck and prepares to leave home. On his way out, Rohan exchanges bitter words with his father in front of his guests and when confronted and aggravated by his father, punches him and runs away. His father chases Rohan through the streets on foot, but cannot catch up to him anymore. Rohan spends the night at his uncle's house. His uncle has a quiet word with Rohan in the night, it is implied that it is regarding Arjun's fate. The next morning Rohan returns to his father's house and finds Arjun waiting outside while his father has gone to get a taxi to take him to boarding school. Rohan convinces Arjun to go with him to Mumbai leaving the watch and note behind explaining his decision and warning his father not to look for them with the threat of revealing his attacks on Arjun to the police. The movie ends with Rohan and Arjun walking away holding hands.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film revolves around a struggling road constructor, Sachin Tichkule (Akshay Kumar). He dreams big but there seems to be no chance of his dreams coming true as he doesn't have any money to bribe the bureaucracy. His family have lost faith in him, telling him to earn money through honest means. To make matters worse, the new Municipal Commissioner turns out to be his former girlfriend, Gehna Ganpule (Trisha Krishnan), who now hates him due to his wayward ways. His brothers-in-law Trigun (Manoj Joshi), Suhas Vichare (Milind Gunaji) and his elder brother (Paritosh Sand) were all responsible for a bridge collapsing accident in which many people were killed. They were helped by a politician named Sanjay Rana (Jaideep Ahlawat). After putting the blame of the mishap on their driver Vishwas Rao, (Tinu Anand) they kill him later fearing he would reveal the truth. Meanwhile Sanjay's lustful eyes fall on Sachin's sister Anjali (Urvashi Sharma). Sachin warns him to keep away from Sandhya by slapping him in his office. Meanwhile Azad Bhagat (Makrand Deshpande) wants justice as his family were killed in that accident. Anjali gets married to Sanjay, unbeknownst to Sachin. When he confronts his father Ramakant Tichkule (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) as to how the marriage is finalized to an evil man without his knowledge, he reprimands Sachin, saying he has no right to say he didn't know anything because he has no money to marry his sister off. After losing contact, Sachin learns that Anjali has been attempting to contact him and when he goes to their house one night, he is informed by the guard that they have gone out. Sachin spots Azad escape from Sanjay's house. He then learns of Anjali's death because of an accident. Sachin and his parents are devastated. Sachin is suspicious and smells foul play in her death. He then meets Azad again at the Municipal office and he learns of Azad's intentions and that he had acquired strong evidence which would help in putting the people involved behind bars. They both then agree to help each other to reveal the corruption behind the faulty construction of the bridge. Sanjay comes to know of Azad's intentions and hires masked robbers, who kill Azad while he was on his way to court. Sachin takes the fatally injured Azad to the hospital for treatment. At the hospital, while Azad is dying in Sachin's arms, he reveals that while he was stealing the evidence, he saw Sachin's sister Anjali being raped by Sanjay's friends and it not clear whether she was murdered by her rapists while she escaped or she committed suicide. In an attempt to make sure the evidence isn't revealed, Sanjay steals it after robbing Azad's house. Sachin spots Sanjay fleeing with the bag full of evidence and a fight ensues between Sanjay and Sachin. Sanjay is then killed after being run over by a bus and Sachin successfully retrieves the evidence. Sachin's brother and brothers-in-law are arrested and the whole family especially Sachin's sisters-in-law begin belittling him, claiming he was jealous of them and unlike his successful brother and brothers-in-law , blaming him for tarnishing the family name. Sachin then argues back that they didn't lose anyone and he had to deal with the pain of losing Anjali the most. He agrees to leave, until his father stops him and realizes his honesty and trustworthiness, re-kindling their relationship. Gehna tells that she remained a spinster waiting for Sachin and confesses her love for Sachin and they decide to get married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with a suicide attempt by Additional Commissioner of Police (ACP) Agnel Wilson (Randeep Hooda) on the pretext of the Bombay Bombings in 1993. When questioned by his superior over his actions, he breaks down and claims that the recent tragic events are his own fault. Wilson recounts that 18 years ago, when he was posted as the ACP in the Mumbai crime branch, his inability to take the necessary action led to the rise of Shoaib Khan (Emraan Hashmi) a dreaded gangster, who played a central role in the bombings. Throughout the film, Wilson narrates the story of 1970s Bombay, when it was ruled by a kind hearted smuggler Sultan Mirza (Ajay Devgn), and how Mirza's eventual downfall led to Shoaib's rise to power.
After being hit by a flood in his hometown in Madras, a young Mirza arrives in Mumbai, where he lands a job as a coal shoveller. In spite of his meager earnings, the boy never fails to help the poor and needy, which soon gains their respect and admiration. Mirza is given the nickname of "Sultan."
As a grown man, Sultan Mirza becomes the kingpin of Mumbai's smuggling underworld. Through his influence, Mirza peacefully divides the city among four gangsters, thus thwarting police efforts to curb illegal activities. Despite being a criminal, Sultan Mirza is portrayed as a man of principle with a heart of gold and a godfather-like figure to the people. He even refrains from smuggling contraband, as it is against his Muslim faith.
Mirza has a crush on Bollywood actress Rehana (Kangana Ranaut) and eventually the two begin dating. Sultan invests black money in her upcoming films. ACP Wilson moves to stop Rehana's films funded by Sultan. Later, Sultan and Rehana frame Wilson to make it look as if Wilson is accepting a bribe, which damages his credibility.
Meanwhile, Shoaib is even in childhood a very ambitious person with a dark and daring character. He is frequently involved in petty theft. His father, Hussain Khan (Asif Basra), who is a sub-inspector with the Bombay Police, tries in vain to guide and control his son, his anger against Shoaib began years ago when Shoaib and his best friend Javed were stealing money and got caught red handed by a man, by teaching his son a lesson, Khan slaps him 5 times. Khan locks Shoaib in jail but Shoaib angers him as both Shoaib and Wilson make a deal saying that Shoaib wants to follow another path. Worried, the father turns to Sultan for help. Sultan agrees and helps the young man set up an electronics shop. But Shoaib is unsatisfied, as his only real ambition is to become rich and powerful, like Sultan Mirza who is his idol.
Shoaib's beautiful girlfriend, Mumtaz (Prachi Desai), works in a local jewellery shop, which Shoaib visits often, to the aggravation of the girl's boss. Shoaib gives her a beautiful necklace, which, unbeknownst to Mumtaz, Shoaib had stolen from a lady during a home robbery. Later, that lady comes to the shop with her husband to buy more jewellery. The lady soon recognises her own necklace being worn by Mumtaz; she then admits to the outraged customer that her boyfriend had given the item to her. The lady and her husband demand she take them to her boyfriend's shop, where they confront him. This enrages Shoaib, who beats up the husband and destroys his own shop.
Shoaib goes to Sultan and asks to be a part of his crime ring. Seeing his potential, Sultan agrees to take him under his wing. Shoaib learns the tricks of the trade and soon becomes Sultan's trusted aide. ACP Wilson hatches a plan to use Shoaib's reckless ambition for quick money and power as a way to cause the downfall of Sultan. Wilson even refrains from killing Sultan and Shoaib when he has the opportunity. Wilson's plan backfires, however. Finally, when Shoaib becomes invincible, Wilson blames himself for the subsequent catastrophe as he now cannot stop Shaoibs rise to power.
Sultan decides to hand over his power to Shoaib, and opts to enter state politics. He travels to Delhi to meet the Home Minister of India. Shoaib's unscrupulous ambitions lead him to carry out trades and acts which Sultan himself would strongly condemn and abhors. Shoaib starts manufacturing illicit liquor, accepts contract killings, invests in drug peddling and runs extortion rackets. When Sultan returns to Bombay, he learns of Shoaib's misdeeds and is outraged. He finds Shoaib at a party and slaps him in public for his unethical activities and states he can never really be like Sultan. This infuriates Shoaib and he plots revenge as he now knows that Sultan and he cannot possibly rule Mumbai together due to Mirza's strong principals and moral ethos. The next day, as Sultan campaigns for his new party, Shoaib appears and assassinates Sultan Mirza whilst he is addressing the people at the rally as a horrified Wilson looks on, thus ending the reign of the smuggler who was loved by his people.
In his narration, Wilson laments that he and the police are responsible for the bombings because of their lack of forethought, Wilson also says that Shoaib now rules Mumbai despite living abroad and the people are now forever at his mercy – as Mumbai's new underworld kingpin – he has since established a global smuggling empire. No government or force can reach him now.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Aisha (Sonam Kapoor) is a young, rich, upper class woman who believes that she is perfectly suited for match-making – amongst her friends in particular. Her superficial lifestyle and match-making schemes are constantly criticized by her friend/neighbor Arjun (Abhay Deol), who advises her to stop meddling with the lives of other people. Soon, she has a new project - trying to make a match between her middle class, small town friend Shefali (Amrita Puri) and a rich business owner, Randhir (Cyrus Sahukar). Aisha creates various circumstances to make Shefali and Randhir fall in love. During one such occasion, she meets her aunt's step-son Dhruv Singh (Arunoday Singh), whom she becomes attracted to. In the mean-time, Arjun introduces Aisha to one of his colleagues, Aarti Menon (Lisa Haydon), who is from New York. Aisha feels threatened by Aarthi's presence and is very antagonistic towards her.
Randhir organizes a river rafting camp for everyone, and Aisha used this as a chance to get Randhir and Shefali to spend more time together. One night during the camp, Randhir takes Aisha for a walk and then professes his love for her. Confused and taken aback by Randhir's feelings for her, Aisha starts to doubt her match making skills. Arjun comes to know of the incident and gets angry at Aisha, criticizing her for once again meddling in the lives of others, and playing with Shefali's feelings. Aisha tries to console a heart broken Shefali, who had previously turned down a marriage proposal in order to be with Randhir, on Aisha's advice. As time passes, Pinky (Ira Dubey), Aisha's best friend, starts to develop feelings for Randhir and eventually they are engaged. This causes a problem between Pinky and Aisha, and they stop speaking to each other.
Disheartened with her previous failed match making attempt, Aisha tries to match up Shefali with Dhruv. Shefali comes to know of Aisha's plan and confronts her, telling Aisha that she never viewed her as a friend, rather as a project, someone who she tried to mold and fix. Shefali then declares that she has feelings for Arjun. This greatly confuses and hurts Aisha, since she realises that she has been in love with Arjun all this time. Aisha realises that she has been selfish and arrogant all along, playing with the emotions and feelings of her friends. She goes back to her best friend, Pinky, and apologizes for her actions. Dhruv and Aarthi get engaged, but Aisha chooses not to attend since she thinks that Arjun will be there with Shefali. After a late night conversation with her father, Aisha decides spontaneously to go to the engagement and declare her feelings to Arjun. She meets Shefali, who tells her that love cannot be forced or planned, and also reveals that she has found her love in Saurabh, her childhood friend whose proposal she had previously turned down. Later that night, Arjun and Aisha meet and reminisce about their childhood and friendship, and ultimately declare their love for each other. The movie ends one year later, at Dhruv and Aarthi's wedding, where Aisha states that love is spontaneous and never goes according to plan.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A woman, Susan Alves, is in a mental asylum on the island of Mauritius in 1990. She frantically scribbles demonic images on her cell walls. Her husband, Joe Alves, comes to visit and they discuss their daughter, Pia. Susan panics and says she can't bear it and commits suicide in front of Joe.
In present-day Mumbai, Pia (Mugdha Godse) is now married to horror film director, Vic (Bobby Deol). However, their marriage is strained. When Pia's friend Carol (Sophia Handa) from Mauritius informs the couple that Pia's father, Joe, has suffered a heart attack, they travel to the island and stay at Pia's childhood home, where it's revealed that Pia had a twin named Dia, who she was very close with. That night, Pia has a nightmare of a girl's ghost and inanimate objects in the house are seen moving around. The next morning, Pia has a flashback of Joe carrying a dead Dia out of the pool. She is very disturbed by this memory as she recalls that normally she was with her sister at all times, but the day Dia drowned, she wasn't. During dinner, when Pia goes outside to check on Tracy, the dog, who is barking ferociously at something invisible, she has another encounter with the girl's ghost.
Pia discovers she is pregnant. Meanwhile, Joe shares old photos with Vic and points out Dia's favourite doll, which was buried with Dia. Pia tells Vic of her pregnancy; the news mends their relationship and the couple is once again happy. However, unusual events continue occurring in the house. One night, Dia's ghost jumps down on Pia from the ceiling. The next morning, Pia is clearly not herself. When Tracy is found dead, Pia seems completely unfazed, which concerns Carol, as Pia loved the dog. Carol contacts her friend Aditya (Shreyas Talpade), a parapsychologist for help, informing him about the unnatural happenings in the house and Pia's unusual behaviour.
Carol has an encounter with the ghost and flees but is hit by a truck and dies. At the funeral, Aditya senses that Pia's life is in danger and tells Vic. After encountering the ghost himself, Vic seeks Aditya for help. He searches the attic and finds the doll that was buried with Dia, a video cassette, Susan's diaries and some extremely morbid paintings by Susan, featuring images of suicide and inner turmoil. Vic visits the mental asylum and the janitor there tells him that Susan wasn't insane but in fact possessed by an evil spirit.
Vic and Aditya watch the video cassette, which shows Pia drowning Dia before giving the camera an evil smile. However, they suspect the clip only shows half the truth. After repeated viewings of the video, Aditya realises Susan was already possessed even before Dia's death. He also notices the reflection of a third girl in the mirror: it cannot be Pia, as she is the one videotaping and it is not Dia, who is in front of the camera. It is the spirit, meaning Pia was not the one who killed her, and that through her uncovered doll, Dia was trying to send them a message about her true murderer.
Vic discovers Susan was pregnant with a third child and it seems that the women in the family become possessed when pregnant. A possessed Pia kills Joe. It is revealed that Susan was pregnant not with twins but with triplets. Dia and Pia came out fine, but there were major complications with the third child, and Joe had to take the decision to save Susan over the child. After realising it is the triplet's spirit taking revenge against the family, Vic and Aditya try to destroy the spirit. Aditya is killed and but Vic manages to trap the spirit in the other realm.
7 months later, Pia delivers a healthy baby. However, while Pia sleeps, the baby is seen squirming and writhing; its eyes suddenly go blank like the spirit's, implying the spirit is now in the baby.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Natha Das ManikPuri (Omkar Das Manikpuri), better known as Natha, is a poor farmer from the village of Peepli in "Mukhya Pradesh", who struggles to farm enough money for his family made up of his elder brother, Budhia Das Manikpuri (Raghubir Yadav), his wife, Dhaniya (Shalini Vatsa) and his ailing mother, Amma (Farookh Zafar), who spends most of her time lying down and screaming at Natha and Dhaniya. Natha and Budhia often pretend to go out farming when actually they save up whatever money they have to buy alcohol. This has left the whole family famished and now the banks are demanding repayment of loans or else the family will be stripped off their land and house. In the meantime, the Mukhya Pradesh Government have called a by-election due to continuous criticism of their blind eye towards the desperate poverty that surrounds India's largest state. The opposition Apna Dal Party believe they have a chance to form the government in this election as the people have lost faith in the long-serving Sammaan Party and its Chief Minister, Ram Babu Yadav (Jugal Kishore) who, along with Federal Agriculture Minister, Saleem Kidwai (Naseeruddin Shah), believes in the industrialisation of rural areas.
To save his land and to save his family from becoming homeless, Natha, encouraged by his brother, decides to commit suicide after he attends a session with the rural headmen for help and they suggest him that committing suicide is a good way to get money waived, after which his family will receive heavy compensation for his death. While Natha and his brother are discussing the same at a local tea stall, this news gets reported by Rakesh, a local reporter from Peepli. This report then gets picked up and highlighted by the national English news channels and reaches the Chief Minister. The media starts surrounding Peepli sensing the possibility of a sensational suicide story. One ITVN journalist particularly keen on filming the event of Natha's death is Daytime Presenter, Nandita Malik (Malaika Shenoy). She joins the local reporter Rakesh Kapoor (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) and takes desperate measures to interview Natha and his family on the subject of Natha's suicide. However things get more tricky when rival Hindi news channel, "Bharat Live" finds out about Natha and Peepli. The news channel clashes with ITVN and each try to film Natha's death in their own manner. The Sammaan Party also soon discover Natha's plans and try to buy off Natha with sops to prevent him from committing suicide. Opposition parties like the Apna Dal and the CPI also get involved and plan to use Natha as a path to power in the elections. Peepli soon becomes the centre of attention across Mukhya Pradesh.
Nandita's frantic attempts to interview Natha get worse when Rakesh does not find Natha or anyone else in Peepli to interview. She seems unimpressed with Rakesh's compassionate stand towards Natha and believes that as reporters their duty lies in reporting and following the news and nothing else. On the other hand, "Bharat Live" continues to be successful in their attempts to interview. Yet as time goes on, Natha does not die. Meanwhile, the Sammaan Party realise that if Natha commits suicide, they will lose the elections. The rural headmen secretly kidnap Natha and hold to ransom for money from the opposition. Yet their plans are foiled when Rakesh discovers Deepak and his men holding Natha hostage at a Peepli barn. A rush occurs when people from Apna Dal, the CPI, ITVN, Bharat Live and Peepli villagers all rush to find Natha. In the confusion, a spillage accident from a Petromax lamp sets fire to the barn, which explodes and Rakesh is killed. The Government officials mistake Rakesh for Natha and refuse to pay Natha's family the compensation money due to the death being an accident. Meanwhile, Natha is in fact alive and flees to Gurgaon and is seen working as a daily labourer in the construction industry.
His family loses their land to the bank.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Pinky Palkar (Deepika Padukone) is an aspiring skater who dreams of making it big through a television show. She is the archetypical Mumbai chawl girl who dreams big, despite her lowly surroundings. Her dreams goes away when One-Shot-Nandu (Neil Nitin Mukesh), a fighter who pummels his opponents in the ring blindfolded, knocks her down in a freak car accident, making her blind. Despite her handicap, Pinky is determined to participate in the show. Full of remorse, Nandu trains her to "see" through her blindness, using her other senses. In return, she teaches him to skate and Nandu becomes her partner in the competition. They gradually fall in love.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Candy (Celina Jaitley) and Mansi (Gul Panag) work in a fashion designer firm. Satvari Chaudary (Isha Koppikar) joins their firm for a job. Candy and Mansi inform Satvari of their flirtatious boss, Hardhik Vasu (Javed Jaaferi) whose desire is to sleep with hot women. Everyone in the firm knows that Mansi always prepares coffee for Hardhik. One day, Mansi, who is fed up with Hardhik stealing her work, accidentally mixes Rat Kill in his coffee. As Hardhik is about to sip his coffee, he falls off his chair. (But it creates the impression that he died from the poison).
Fearful of getting caught, the three girls (Candy, Mansi and Satvari) head to the hospital to make things right. Due to a misunderstanding, the three girls think he's dead. (Coincidentally, another patient died, which they think is Hardhik) Mansi and Satvari hide his "body" in the back of their taxi but soon they realize it's the wrong body. The next day at work, the three girls find out Hardhik is still alive, who also recorded the girls taking out a dead body from hospital. Hardhik offers the girls to avoid jail on one condition - they must accompany Hardhik to Kandala for 7 days. The day before leaving, the girls contact Hardhik under the pretext of sleeping with him. After a bit of song and dance, they make him unconscious by dousing a cloth with methylated spirits and placing it on his face.
Meanwhile, Hardhik's wife (Divya Dutta) finds out he had an affair with Candy. To reform him, she calls Poolan Bhai (Seema Biswas), who runs a place to reform men of their flirtatious deeds. Due to a misunderstanding, they think her husband is Rocky (Chunkey Pandey), who is Candy's boyfriend. Hardhik manages to escape from the house (the girls chained him that night he was unconscious). The girls then contemplate whether to contact Nikhi Bajaj (Sunny Deol), the manager of the firm. He reaches there and disapproves Hardhik's contact for renewal and sends him to Bangladesh. Nikhil appoints Mansi as vice-president and persists her to get married to her fiance, Ashish (Anil Mange). Nikhil himself ends up falling in love with Satvari whereas Candy is reunited with Rocky. The film ends in Bangladesh where Hardhik realizes his boss (Ronit Roy) is gay
-----------------------------------------------------------
An aspiring IAS man is abducted by a local strongman with the intention of forcing him to marry his daughter.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mumbai-based Tanvi Sharma, married to Financer, Nikhil, for 3 years, is thrilled when she is not only promoted as Assistant Vice-President with her employer, ICBI Bank, but also tests positive for motherhood. But her joy will be short-lived when she must abort the child as it comes in the way of her promotion as Vice-President - the venue to power, position and wealth - as well as incur the wrath of Nikhil. The duo do make up, and decide to have a child through a surrogate who will live with them during the pregnancy period. A broker, Shukla, arranges a surrogate, Gauri, an impoverished village-based mother of two children, and the wife of an unemployed idol-artist, Mohan. While dealing with pressures of the stigma attached of nursing a child sired through another woman from family and friends, she must also deal with the fact that a naive Gauri may decide to keep the child.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rahul Sharma (John Abraham) is a compulsive gambler and while betting, wins 30 million rupees. That night he asks his girlfriend, Nafisa (Sonal Sehgal), to marry him and she agrees. Right after proposing Rahul collapses. The next day he goes to the doctor for a medical test and finds out that he has cancer. Rahul does not know how to handle this situation, in the middle of the night runs down a street screaming, knowing that he only has months to live. Later, Rahul finds a rehabilitation centre for persons with such incurable diseases. Rahul runs away from his fiancee, leaving back most of the money he earned, for her. Once Rahul gets into the centre, he meets several people like Parthasarthi (Girish Karnad) who speaks with the help of a metal tube because of his cancer, Madhu (Farida Jalal) who was a prostitute and an AIDS patient now, Padma (Anaitha Nair) a teenage girl with lot of dreams, but no life to fulfill them, she can't even walk properly, Govinda (Ashwin Chitale) a comic loving kid, who is said to have certain higher capabilities and everybody treats him as a messenger of God. The relationship between Rahul and each of these persons grows with time. One day Rahul coughs hard and struggles for breath, and he goes to Govinda’s room and falls down there.
Next day when Rahul wakes up, Govinda offers him mangoes and he tells him a story. The story was similar to the story of Rahul’s dreams, in which he imagines himself as Indiana Jones. In the story he is in a mission to free many souls who are in chains and to get the keys of those locks, he needs to find a key of a box, in which all the keys are there. Rahul imagines himself to be Indiana Jones, and Parthasarathy, Madhu etc. as the locked spirits, and Padma as a spirit who motivates Rahul to find the key.
Later, he realises that the key to open the box is his heart, and his love is the key to open all the other chainlocks. He then arranges a beach program with Padma during which, he brings a band troupe that sings about living in the present. Prominent actor Shreyas Talpade appears as the lead singer in this song. After that, Rahul asks everybody to write down their one wish and put it in a pot. Then he and Padma exchanges their wishes. They together fulfill everybody’s wishes, and meanwhile Rahul and Padma were about to be in a physical relationship, but Rahul regrets and rejects. Padma gets angry and throws off her wig to Rahul; she is bald, due to her disease. Padma’s condition gets worse and Rahul looks for her wish pot. He finds that her last wish is to make love with Rahul. Rahul agrees and kisses Padma, and she dies at the moment.
Rahul finds an Indiana Jones costume in his room, which he had wished for and given to Padma. Rahul’s condition gets worse, and Nafisa re-enters the story at that moment. It is revealed that Padma had called Nafisa before her death and asked her to take care of Rahul. Meanwhile, Rahul is in desperate search of some ‘Naksha’ (Treasure Map) which Govinda had told him to find. He then realises the Naksha is near some waterfall, and the closing scene of the movie shows Rahul and Nafisa going in a car, presumably they might have decided to spend the final days of his life near that waterfall.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film takes off from the point where a wounded man is left to die in the desert. He survives the ordeal but loses his Identity. He then resorts to robbing solitary car drivers traversing on this highway. He becomes a Thug and finds an abandoned shed as his hideaway, where three troubled individuals Harry, Toto and Pali find him. They take him to their home in a nearby village and name him Baba, the beleaguered stowaway makes a deal with Harry that he will fight for his property seized by a local brute and in return Harry would help him find his real identity. When Harry is not of any help, Pali steps in.
Baba and sympathetic Pali embark on a very long journey to solve his mystery. Flashes of his wife, visions of being stabbed and then betrayed come rushing to his mind. His relentless search leads to something more diabolic than his expectations.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Maya (Kajol) is a perfect mother whose life revolves around her three children, Aleya (Aanchal Munjal), Ankush (Nominath Ginsburg), and Anjali (Diya Sonecha). Despite being divorced from Aman (Arjun Rampal), Maya has ensured that everything runs smoothly in her house and that they continue to remain a happy family unit. However, things take an unexpected turn when Shreya Arora (Kareena Kapoor Khan)—a career-oriented fashion designer with a lot to learn about children—joins the family.
When Aman introduces his girlfriend Shreya at Anjali's birthday party, she accidentally drops Anjali's birthday cake, which leads the children to perceive Shreya as evil. The next day, Aman tells Shreya to babysit the three kids at his house because Maya is out of town when in truth she is secretly having an examination in a hospital. At a fashion show, a wrong-sized dress for Shreya's model turns up with a chance of disqualification, Anjali helps Shreya with the outfit with a piece of her doll's clothing. When Shreya goes to get ice cream for the children, Aleya tells her siblings that she is using them so she can take their father away; soon after, Anjali goes missing. At the police station, Anjali is found and Aman tells Shreya that she cannot go near the children without Maya's permission.
Several days later, Maya finds out that she has cervical cancer and tells Aman, which prompts him to move back in with the family. However, when Maya tells their children that she has cancer, Aleya retaliates by going to a friend's party with an older boy. After a few days, Maya tells Shreya that she has cancer, who then agrees to move in and leave her career as a fashion designer. In the following days, the children develop an attachment towards Shreya but when Maya and Shreya have a fight, it is revealed that Shreya was an orphan since she was six months old. After the argument, Aman tells Maya that they should not be competing with each other for the children's love and respect. Maya faints and is then brought to hospital, where the doctor tells her that she has only few days left to live. Shreya decides to take care of the children while Aman tends to Maya.
When Shreya and the children go to visit Maya at the hospital, the two women have a private conversation. Shreya finally admits that the children still need her. Maya bequeaths guardianship of the children to Shreya, and she confesses a mistake of hers which almost killed Anjali when the latter was three. Maya explains to Shreya that not every mother is perfect but that she needs to keep trying. Maya tells Aman she wants to return home for Diwali as a last chance to see her house before she dies. During the festival, the children hold a special event for her, replaying the memories they had together. When they take a family photograph, Maya asks Shreya to join them as she is now family. The last scene is set ten years later during Aleya's wedding, where Shreya gives her a bracelet which had belonged to Maya. Shreya tells Aleya that she is the most beautiful bride in the world. During the seven turns around the fire , Shreya looks behind and faces the sky remembering Maya saying that she has their yesterday and Shreya has her tomorrow.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Whenever she closes her eyes, all Sanjana sees are a variety of ghosts staring at her in various states of blood and gore. When she awakens she can see them lying by her side.
Unable to sleep, she can feel that somewhere is a desolate mansion where a murder has taken place and she needs to find out who and why. Her boyfriend is of no help only providing some background music when the going gets tough.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Joe and Leslie, gangster Junior Bhai and his gang members, gambler Bosco and Sophie, Aishwariya and Vikram Jaiswal are all chasing a money bag. All running live on Mumbai-Goa highway.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Chulbul Pandey, a young boy, lives with his younger half-brother, Makhanchan "Makkhi" Pandey, stepfather Prajapati Pandey (Vinod Khanna) and mother, Naina Devi (Dimple Kapadia) in Laalgunj, Uttar Pradesh. He has a troubled relationship with his stepfather and Makkhi. After 21 years, Chulbul (Salman Khan) becomes a policeman. Chulbul, who calls himself "Robin Hood" Pandey, lives with his family. Makkhi (Arbaaz Khan) is in love with Nirmala (Mahi Gill), whose father Masterji (Tinu Anand) opposes the relationship. Chulbul falls in love with a girl named Rajjo (Sonakshi Sinha), who he meets during a police encounter.
A corrupt political leader named Chedi Singh (Sonu Sood) meets Chulbul and both quickly become enemies. Makkhi asks his father to arrange his marriage with Nirmala. His father refuses because he needs money to repay the loans he took to make his factory, and he believes that he can acquire money through his son marrying a rich girl. In desperate need of money, Makkhi steals from Chulbul's cupboard and gives the stolen cash to Nirmala's father, hoping that he will permit Makkhi to marry Nirmala. Meanwhile, Chulbul meets Rajjo and proposes marriage, which she rejects, as she has to take care of her father, Haria (Mahesh Manjrekar)—a drunkard.
Chulbul comes home to find his mother dead. He goes to his stepfather to make peace, as he is the only family left. His stepfather refuses and despises him as an outcast. Makkhi invites Chulbul to his marriage with Nirmala. Chulbul convinces Rajjo's father to marry her. Rajjo's father commits suicide, as he knows that his daughter will not marry anyone while he is alive. Chulbul takes Rajjo to Makkhi's exuberant wedding. Realising that Makkhi has stolen his money to finance the wedding, Chulbul marries Rajjo in an impromptu ceremony. Nirmala's father feels disgraced and cancels his daughter's wedding.
Makkhi beats up one of the workers in his factory due to a small mishap. The worker goes to the police station with his mother to file a complaint. Chulbul beats up Makkhi in public to disgrace him. Chedi takes advantage of the situation, and takes Makkhi along with his father to the police station. Makkhi's father resolves the situation by accepting an apology from Chulbul. Chulbul meets Dayal Babu (Anupam Kher), a local political leader, who also dislikes Chedi. With his help, Chulbul adulterates the breweries of Chedi, and wrongly frames him for it.
To take revenge, Chedi burns Makkhi's factory. Makkhi's father suffers a heart attack due to shock and is hospitalised. Makkhi goes to Chedi seek help from him, without knowing that it was Chedi, who burnt his factory. Chedi agrees to finance his father's treatment, if he delivers a crate of mangoes to Dayal Babu's house. Unknown to Makkhi, there is a bomb inside the crate, which explodes after he leaves, killing Dayal Babu. Chedi gives Makkhi a task to kill Chulbul. Makkhi accepts, and confesses it to Chulbul. He reveals to Chulbul that Chedi made him plant the bomb unknowingly. Chulbul forgives him and reconciles with his stepfather. Makkhi then reveals to Chulbul that it was Chedi, who killed their mother. Enraged, Chulbul suffocates Chedi to death. Later, Chulbul gets Makkhi married to Nirmala in the presence of her father, while Rajjo reveals that she is pregnant.
-----------------------------------------------------------
After a decade of research, the scientist Vaseegaran creates a sophisticated android robot with the help of his assistants, Siva and Ravi, to commission it into the Indian Army. He introduces the robot, named Chitti, at a robotics conference in Chennai. Chitti helps Sana, Vaseegaran's medical student girlfriend, cheat in her examination, then saves her from being assaulted by a group of thugs. Vaseegaran's mentor, Professor Bohra, is secretly engaged in a project to create similar android robots for a terrorist organisation, but has so far been unsuccessful.
Vaseegaran prepares Chitti for an evaluation by the Artificial Intelligence Research and Development (AIRD) Institute, which is headed by Bohra. During the evaluation, Chitti attempts to stab Vaseegaran at Bohra's command, which convinces the evaluation committee that the robot is a liability and cannot be used for military purposes. Vaseegaran's effort to prove Bohra wrong fails when he deploys Chitti to rescue people from a burning building. The robot saves most of them, including a girl named Selvi who was bathing at the time, but she is ashamed at being seen naked on camera and flees, only to be hit and killed by a truck. Vaseegaran asks for one month to modify Chitti's neural schema to enable it to understand human behaviour and emotions, to which Bohra agrees. While nearing the deadline, Chitti becomes angry with Vaseegaran, demonstrating to him that it can manifest emotions.
Chitti uses Sana's textbooks to successfully help Sana's sister Latha give birth to a child. Bohra congratulates Vaseegaran on the achievement and allows Chitti to pass the AIRD evaluation. Chitti develops romantic feelings for Sana after she congratulates Chitti by kissing it. When Vaseegaran and Sana realise this, Sana explains to Chitti that they are only friends. Saddened by Sana's rejection, yet still in love with her, Chitti deliberately fails an evaluation conducted by the Indian Army. Enraged, Vaseegaran chops Chitti into pieces, which are dumped by Siva and Ravi into a landfill site.
Bohra visits the site to retrieve Chitti, which has now reassembled itself, albeit in a damaged state. Bohra embeds a red chip inside Chitti while reconstructing it, converting it into a ruthless killer. It then gatecrashes Vaseegaran and Sana's wedding, kidnaps Sana, creates replicas of itself and kills Bohra. Using its robot army, Chitti occupies AIRD and causes mayhem in the city. After informing Sana that it has acquired the human ability to reproduce, Chitti wishes to marry her so that a machine and a human being can give birth to a preprogrammed child, but Sana refuses. It eventually finds Vaseegaran, who entered AIRD to stop it, and nearly kills him before the police appear. The ensuing battle between Chitti's robot army and the police personnel leads to many casualties and much property destruction. Vaseegaran eventually captures Chitti using a magnetic wall and accesses its internal control panel, whereby he instructs all the other robots to self-destruct. He removes Chitti's red chip, calming it.
In a court hearing, Vaseegaran is sentenced to death for the casualties and damages caused by the robot army, but Chitti explains that it was Bohra who caused its deviant behaviour and shows the court video footage of Bohra installing the red chip. The court releases Vaseegaran, while ordering that Chitti be dismantled. Left with no choice, Vaseegaran asks Chitti to dismantle itself. While saying goodbye, Chitti apologises to Vaseegaran and Sana before dismantling itself.
The film's setting then shifts to 2030. Chitti is now a museum exhibit. A curious school student on excursion asks her guide why it was dismantled, to which Chitti responds, "Naan sinthikka arambichen" (English: I started thinking).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Anjaana Anjaani is the story of Kiara (Priyanka Chopra) and Akash (Ranbir Kapoor). Kiara is from San Francisco, while Akash lives in New York City. Akash is in need of $12 million, but he is unable to clear a loan due to a stock market crash. Unable to find any means, suicide seems the only option, and he decides to jump off the George Washington Bridge. This is when he meets Kiara, who is also suicidal after catching her fiancé Kunal (Zayed Khan) cheating on her. They both attempt to kill themselves, but are prevented from doing so by the Coast Guard. Still suicidal, Akash deliberately gets hit by a car and Kiara falls on the bridge and breaks her neck. This is again unsuccessful, and they end up in the hospital together. Upon discharge, Kiara takes Akash to her house after his is seized by the bank.
The pair tries to kill themselves five times, failing each time; eventually, they make a pact to end their lives on 31 December 2009. With 20 days left before their deadline, they decide to fulfill their unrealized wishes and begin a journey together. Kiara helps Akash find a date and shares with him how Kunal cheated on her. The next day, Akash cleans Kiara's messy apartment. Akash, who can't swim, is forced to fulfill Kiara's wish of swimming in the cold Atlantic Ocean. At sea, however, Kiara falls overboard and Akash rescues her; this causes their yacht to drift away, stranding them. As the two slowly succumb to hypothermia, Kiara continues telling her story to Akash. They are rescued again by the Coast Guard officer who intervened at the bridge.
Upon returning to land, Kiara becomes depressed again. She attempts to kill herself by drinking bleach and is rushed to the hospital. After her discharge from the hospital, Akash realizes his love for her, and tries everything to make her happy. The two venture out to Las Vegas, as Akash had never gone on a holiday, and they end up in bed together. Unfortunately, Kiara tells Akash at this time that she still loves Kunal. He insists that she move back in with her parents and give Kunal a second chance. In the meantime, Akash moves in with his friend and colleague (Joy Sengupta), planning to return to India on the night of 31 December to start afresh.
Akash attends the bank settlement and reconciles with several friends with whom he had fallen out, as well as with his estranged father. Meanwhile, Kiara cannot stop thinking about Akash; on the 31st, she realizes that she has fallen for him. Kunal discovers this and drops her off at the airport. Kiara reaches the bridge, but finds herself alone, believing she will never see Akash again. Just then, however, he arrives; the pair go out to sea to die. Akash throws a beer bottle with a note in it, which Kiara obtains and reads before Akash proposes to her. Surprised, she accepts, and the couple share a kiss while the Coast Guard rescues them. As credits roll, it is shown that Akash and Kiara got married two years later and had a baby boy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with two kids Jacky (Markand Soni) and Chakki (Kesar Majethia), narrating the story of their hilariously madcap Parekh family to their classmates on a camp. When Chandrakant Sheth (Arvind Vaidya), father of Himanshu (Jamnadas Majethia) and Hansa (Supriya Pathak) passes away, he manages to tell the Parekh family that his last wish is to have his son Himanshu married. Now, Himanshu has one ambition since childhood, that is to have a memorable, legendary love story. It is all together another matter that he is not in love with anyone and neither is he capable of getting any sensible girl to like him. But as Babuji (Anang Desai) often wisely says, "for every idiotic Praful (Rajeev Mehta), there is an even more idiotic Hansa made", his prophecy turns out to be true. Parminder (Kirti Kulhari), Himanshu's neighbor, falls in love with Himanshu for no logical reason and the 2 get engaged to get married. That is when the story line takes a turn – Himanshu realizes on the eve of the wedding that the impending ceremony would mean impending doom to his desire to have a legendary love story, as nothing interesting has happened in his love story to make it memorable. It was a simple non happening take with a boring happy ending. No resistance, no conflict, no separation, no sad song, no climax, nothing. So, in order to make the Himanshu–Parminder love story a legendary one, Himanshu, along with Babuji, Praful, Hansa and Jayshree (Nimisha Vakharia), sets out to stall the wedding. And then begins their journey to create all those missing stages in Himanshu's love story in order to make it legendary. However, in this hilariously hare brained process, they make a mess of everything and how at the incredibly ridiculous climax Himanshu eventually manages to win his love back, makes up the rest of the story of the film.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Life can be tough for a man (Rishi Kapoor) who teaches at a school for a living, lives in a DDA flat in Lajpat Nagar, Delhi and is coping with the double digit inflation rates and single digit increments in his salary. Add to that, a teenage daughter, a fast-track son and a wife (Neetu Kapoor) who loves the good life. The life of the Duggals is passing by in simply taking care of the basics. Until one day, they decide to dream. Their ticket to dreaming comes in the form of a wedding invitation. An innocent little wedding invitation. What follows is a journey of chaos, realisations, calculations, confrontations and bonding. This crazy Duggals will fight it out at home (and the neighborhood) for what they think is a ‘good buy’ for the family! This family bonds in the most unexpected and hilarious situations. And just when they think they are sorted out, comes one big, lurking temptation. Much like the apple in the Garden of Eden. And then, begins another journey that will drive them, and you, pretty much nuts.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Three friends from Delhi go missing in a small village – Jhanjhar. It's two months and there is no clue about their disappearance. The media and students movement demand action from the authorities. It's then that the government orders a Central Bureau of Investigation enquiry with officers Sidhant Chaturvedi (Akshaye Khanna) and Pratap Kumar (Ajay Devgn) to solve the case. They find it difficult to solve the case as the local police and other authorities are a part of Shool Sena aka Home Minister which is responsible for illicit activities. Sidhant and Pratap also face Superintendent of police Ajatshatru Singh IPS (Paresh Rawal), a ruthless police officer who misuses his power. Not only that even the locals don't support the investigation.
It's with the help of Roshni (Amita Pathak) who is the daughter of the village head and also very wealthy, and Geeta (Bipasha Basu), who is Ajatshatru's wife and Pratap's former love, that the investigation moves ahead.
The suspense behind the missing three friends is revealed by Geeta who witnessed the killing of these boys by a local politician helped by her husband.
This investigation is filled with many traps and thrills by Ajatshatru and his colleagues. They try to destroy the name of CBI in number of ways. Things get worse when Ajatshatru comes to know about her wife Geeta helping CBI. He then beats Geeta brutally with his belt behind closed doors and leaves her hospitalised. Pratap, filled with anger, traps each of the criminals by hacking their respective phone's databases and capturing their illicit activities on CCTV cameras. When it is Ajatshatru's turn, Pratap cuts him with a sharp razor and beats him brutally and mercilessly in a salon behind closed doors. The duo also manage to get one of the criminals to believe that the rest of the gang are behind him thinking he is rat, and that he had better become a government witness for their case. The criminal who intimidated was the one who actually was only guilty, in this case, only of disposing of and burying the bodies. After the trial we see him hiding behind a pillar and still being threatened by the guilty miscreants on their way to prison. The heaviest sentence received was 10 years and the lightest was 3. Obviously justice is still blind because there was no sentence passed for the 300 villagers burned alive,the cruel beating of the wife, or the kidnap, abuse, and cutting of the tongue of Jhamunia.
In the end all the criminals are sentenced to imprisonment.But the story does not end there. As everyone is leaving the court, Siddhant slips a revolver into village woman Jhamunia's (Reema Sen) hands, with which she manages to kill all the newly sentenced criminals.
The film ends with Siddhant and Pratap bidding goodbye at the railway station, and Geeta running behind Pratap as he boards the train to leave, with Siddhant watching on.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajiv (Reshammiya) is haunted by his very own past which torments him. He moves to Jordan where he has a job as a bartender, however Avtaar Singh (Gulshan Grover) forbids him to stay and immediately wants him to return to India. Rajiv then contemplates suicide but the eyes of a ravishing beauty strikes his own eyes. A chase ensues, until another man appears and takes the "beauty" in his own hands. The guy tells Rajiv if he wants to see what she does, he must come to the bar to "watch her dance".
Rajiv visits the aquarium and he sees the lady again and develops immense love for her. The woman is Nargis (Loren) who is revealed as a prostitute. He then falls in love. One night, Rajiv visits the "bar", and watches her (Nargis) dance. Embarrassed and feeling unworthy, Rajiv runs away, however, after the end of the night, its time to head home. Nargis and her colleagues get in a taxi which Rajiv follows. At the end of the trip, Rajiv gets closer to Nargis only for Rajiv to return the scarf that Nargis dropped at the bar. Mockingly, Nargis refuses it but Rajiv says if she keeps disappearing like this, he will hang himself with the scarf. Nargis offers for a longer one in a jokingly way.
Regardless, Rajiv wants to marry Nargis. Rajiv wants Nargis to be free from prostitution. Rajiv must now get past Zohra Baano (Amrita Singh). She owns a prostitution business and hires other women to do their dirty work, the only source of income. Zohra Baano wants a price in exchange and Rajiv is willing to do that. Slowly, Nargis begins to develop feelings for Rajiv. One night, Nargis escapes the brothel, Rajiv finds her and takes her to a hotel. Nargis realises this was a mistake so she must return to the brothel. As soon as the "couple" leave the hotel, 3 drunkards approach them and one of them recognizes Rajiv as "Rocky". In fact, this is his real name, although "Rajiv" denies it. Rajiv fights off the drunkards and realises that Nargis knows the truth. So he decides to come clean about his life story.
Rocky, a singer (also Reshammiya) is on the aeroplane. An ardent boy, who's a fan of Rocky, and his granny wants an autograph so Rocky writes one for them. On the plane, an uneasy passenger heads for the restroom but he is a terrorist. He threatens the entire crew, until Rocky sees this. He gets into a fght but suddenly the gun goes off killing the terrorist. Avtaar tells Rocky, he just killed Babbar's (Adnan Shah) brother. Babbar is a most-wanted terrorist. He vows revenge on Rocky. Avtaar recommends Rocky to change his identity and start afresh. And this is how Rocky becomes Rajiv.
Rajiv breaks Avtaar's oath by going back to UK. He's playing with his sister in the park until he receives a call. It is Avtaar who wants him to return to London (as a cover up) Babbar is targeting his sister. After the call, his sister is gone. The white woman who witnessed the event says a man just took her. Babbar then tells Rocky he's sister is dead. This shatters him completely.
What follows is the underlying quest for true love. At the climax, Babbar captures Zohra Baano and Nargis. Rajiv/Rocky rescues them and kills Babbar. At the end, they are married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins in Natchi, a small town in Kerala, India. American George States (Jeff Doucette) is suffering from the last stage of brain cancer and has only six months to live. To prevent death and gain immortality, he decides to extract the 'Nagmani' from a nagin, a shape-shifting snake that can morph into a human. He captures the nag (the male snake) so that the nagin (the female) comes after the capturer to free her lover, thus allowing him to obtain the nagmani by force. He keeps the nag in a glass box where he electrocutes and tortures him. His plan works and the nagin starts following him.
The nagin transforms into a beautiful woman (Mallika Sherawat), and is later helped by a police inspector (Irrfan Khan) and his wife (Divya Dutta), who is infertile, causing a strain in their relationship. The nagin helps a few women who are helpless: One who is beaten mercilessly by her husband; one being raped by a man, and so on. She brutally murders those men who were involved in the capture of her mate as well as men who torture women. The police inspector who is trying to help her find her mate investigates the murders. Finally, she reaches George's hideout where she reclaims her mate and they have sex, leading to the nagin becoming pregnant. George attempts to capture the nagin during intercourse since this is when she will be at her most vulnerable.
Wearing a suit that hides his heat signature, he lures her by using her dying mate as bait to a trap. He captures her and tries taking the nagmani but at that moment, the police inspector arrives and helps her. Angered by the death of her mate by the hands of George, she transforms into a half snake, half human creature and throws him in the glass box where her mate was kept and electrocutes him. The police inspector and his wife later welcome their new baby into the world. The nagin, back in the form of a beautiful woman, also gives birth to her new snake babies.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Siddharth "Sid" (John Abraham) works in a bookstore in London named Kagaz Ke Phool with his Pakistani friend Omar (Raghu Ram). His girlfriend Krutika (Manasi Scott) never leaves a chance to dominate him. The twist comes when Sid starts getting calls from people who are attempting suicide as his number was mistakenly printed on fliers of an Indian suicide helpline and later on he takes on the counselling job.
One night he gets a call from Mishka (Pakhi Tyrewala) who had a bad relationship and is on the verge of taking her life. Sid and Mishka get talking and suicidal feelings are thrown over London's Tower Bridge. They become phone friends and Sid knows who Mishka is when she visits his bookstore. Unaware that Sid aka Fidato is the one who takes up her call and consoles her, she befriends Sid upon Fidato's advice. Then starts the meetings of Sid and Mishka where he impresses her by telling her all the things which she used to tell Fidato. But one fine day, Kabir (ex-boyfriend of Mishka) springs up from no where, and introduces his new girlfriend to Mishka, meanwhile Sid arrives and in their chat, he calls Kabir by his name. This makes Mishka wonder whether Sid and Fidato are same or not. This leads her to go to suicide helpline center and confirm whether Sid is Fidato or not and here she is misled. A neighbor of Mishka is attempting suicide and she calls Fidato immediately. Here she realizes that Fidato and Sid are the same. They get apart. Later on, on the London Bridge they finally end their differences and the film ends on a happy note.
-----------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------
After his parents' demise in Delhi, aspiring scriptwriter Ajay lives in Mumbai with his parents' good friends and their daughter Jia with whom he is in love. The family is on good terms with industrialist and socialite Sharad. Ajay is frustrated as he is not able to get any good offers for his work. Luck knocks on Ajay's door when one day Sharad tells him that a group of filmmakers are interested in his work. Ajay devises an impressive script based upon the idea of a robbery given to him by the four producers - Nihal, Neha and sells it to them. Pleased with his success, Jiya agrees to marry Ajay.
Call it fortune or coincidence, Ajay's plot of the robbery matches with that of a real one in the city. He even manages to crack the Real password to the system that guards an expensive necklace called "Nakshatra" in the city museum. The Nakshatra is stolen, and the blame falls on Ajay, as the police receive information and think that he is the mastermind behind it. He gets arrested on the day of his engagement by investigating crime branch officer Gupte (Milind Soman).
On the way to the station, the police van is attacked by goons, and Ajay is set free by unknown people. Ajay is now on the run. He lands up in a farm house with a kind old vet, who takes care of him for a while, and then he proceeds incognito to the city to prove his innocence. Gupte is convinced that Ajay is the robber as he has escaped from cops, and goes about investigating the case and catch him.
Now Ajay tries to find the producers who hatched the plot n the first place. He manages to locate them but unfortunately someone would be following Ajay's steps and kills each of the four before he can get them to talk.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows Pritam (Mithun Chakraborty), an elderly bus driver. His three good-for-nothing sons, Madhav (Arshad Warsi) the group leader; Laxman (Kunal Khemu) the poetic idiot; and Lucky (Tushar Kapoor) the innocent mute are always up to trouble, mostly by scamming people. On the other hand, Geeta (Ratna Pathak) is an elderly woman, whose two sons, Laxman (Shreyas Talpade); and Gopal (Ajay Devgn) the strong but kind leader; own a water sports stall at the beach. Gopal & Laxman's partner Daboo (Kareena Kapoor)on whom Gopal has a crush, but never shows it. Three robbers – Puppy (Johny Lever), Dagga (Sanjai Mishra) and Teja (Vrajesh Hirjee) — rob the queen's necklace and are on the run from police and end up in Goa. Puppy,the don, who suffers from short-term memory, hides the necklace in Pritam's house. Soon enough, Pritam's sons open a water sports shack opposite Geeta's sons' stall, and a rivalry begins. Filled with mayhem, both the groups try to take down each other's business but fail hilariously. In response to this, Pritam goes to meet Geeta, (although he doesn't know that they are Geeta's sons) to sort this rivalry out, and it turns out that Pritam & Geeta were college-lovers. Daboo overhears their love story, and decides to get the two married, without their sons' permissions. After the marriage, the two families start living in one house, filled with non-stop laughs & mayhem.It is also revealed to the five sons that they are not Pritam & Geeta's sons,but orphans after overheard by Lucky, although they vow not to tell them that they know that they are orphans and, to hide that, they become friendly like brothers.They also open a big shop of toys aided by Vasooli bhai (another not-so-don don)and Puppy for money. Puppy eventually remembers where he hid the necklace, and turns himself in along with his goons Dagga and Teja.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story focuses on Kishen (Akshay Kumar), a well-to-do businessman, who is unhappily married to Mala (Aishwarya Rai). They have young son, Bunty (Aditya Roy Kapoor), who does not want to get married because of the loveless relationship between his parents. Bunty's girlfriend, Tanya (Sudeepa Singh), keeps proposing to him but he always rejects. She takes Bunty to her grandfather, Anthony Gonsalves (Randhir Kapoor), who happens to be a scientist and he is working on a time machine. Anthony asks Bunty why he refuses to get married. Bunty says that he is scared of marriage because his parents seem so unhappy with theirs.
On their 35th anniversary, Kishen and Mala get in an argument because of her friend Kundan (Rannvijay Singh). Kundan used to tease Kishen and tries to repeat it after all these days. Mala doesn't stop him, moreover laughs over Kishen along with her friends. This leads to a fight between Kishen and Mala and it goes too far that they decide to get a divorce. When Bunty hears this, he runs to Anthony's lab to use the time machine and go back in time, so that he can make his parents fall in love. Without Anthony's supervision, Bunty enters the time machine and goes back to a time before his parents got married. He finds his grandfather's house, where he sees Kishen. Bunty realises that the younger Kishen was an unattractive, weak and socially awkward youth where as younger Mala was attractive as well as spirited. Mala keeps making fun of Kishen. Bunty makes Kishen over into a 'cool dude' with the help of money he borrowed from younger Anthony. Mala's friend Mona (Neha Dhupia) falls in love with Bunty.
Bunty creates a plan to help Mala realise her love for Kishen. Meanwhile, Kundan also falls for Mala, making things more complicated. Bunty tells Kishen to ignore Mala, while she is becoming friendlier towards him. The plan succeeds in awakening Mala's feelings and she confesses her love for Kishen. She tells Mona about her feelings. However, Kishen and Mala's parents are against love marriages and, therefore, do not accept their relationship. So the lovers, helped by Bunty, decide to elope. Kundan takes Mala's mother Bholi Devi (Kirron Kher) and servant Bhikhu (Rajpal Yadav), along with Kishen's father Rai Bahadur (Om Puri), to chase the love birds. At the end of the chase, Kishen slaps Kundan for his bad behaviour. Their parents accept Kishen and Mala's relationship. Mona proposes to Bunty but he tells her that he loves another woman, who is waiting for him. Bunty then uses the time machine to return to the future. As expected, his parents are deeply in love with each other. But, unexpectedly, Mona and Kundan are also married to each other. Bunty then takes Tanya aside, proposes to her, and she accepts happily.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows Rahul (Jimmy Shergill), a young businessman who comes back from the U.S. to patch things up with his girlfriend Preeti (Kaveri Jha). His father, Varma (Sachin Khedekar) is mysteriously murdered as he goes to find a flat for Rahul. His friend Karan (Sanjay Suri), a rich salesman, gives his old flat to Rahul. After Rahul enters the flat, his life takes an unexpected turn when the unexplainable disappearance of Preeti takes place, and finally Rahul finds himself trapped in his own flat. With no connection to the outside world, Rahul is stuck and realises that a ghost is living in the flat with him, who won't let him go. He tries to contact Karan, but is unsuccessful. He then finds a diary in his room, which is opened by the ghost who allows him to read it.
It turns out the diary belongs to Geethika (Hazel Crowney), a young village girl living out her childhood even at an adult age. She finds Karan coming to her village to build many buildings, and Karan uses Geethika's father's help. When her father cancells it of due to the suicide of her sister, Karan can't take the loss, and runs away with Geethika pretending to be in love with her. Back in a flashback, it is shown the two coming to foreign and getting married in the same flat Rahul is living in. Karan explains that he will return in a few days, but doesn't come back until many months. In his absence, Varma visits Geethika and takes advantage and tries to rape her. She uses self-defence, and tells him to get out. She begins to cry, only to realise she is pregnant. Karan comes back, and tells her to abort the baby because he is already married to someone else. She dies during the abortion, and Karan hides her body so nobody would blame him for her death.
The diary ends, and Rahul investigates that the ghost is Geethika's, and it wants revenge on Karan. Firstly Rahul refuses, though when severely attacked several times, he agrees. He calls Karan over, and tells him everything. He gives the flat keys back, and walks out, and looking back, Karan is now trapped in the flat with no way of getting out. Rahul walks out of the building, and looks at the window, only to see Geethika's ghost approaching Karan, and the curtains closing with Karan shouting for help. Rahul now realises that except for Geethika's revenge, the ghost's appearance had another meaning, for him to sort out his love life with Preeti. He rings Preeti, and apologises about every mistake he did, the two make-up and get married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ethan Mascarenhas (Hrithik Roshan) is a former magician who is paralyzed from neck down quadriplegic. He becomes the Radio Jockey of an FM Station called Radio Zindagi. His show spreads magic, hope and laughter through his irrepressible wit and humor to every listener and caller, making it difficult to imagine that this is a man who has been immobilized with a spinal injury for the last fourteen years of his life. Sofia D'Souza (Aishwarya Rai) is his nurse who has been accompanying him for the past twelve years.
On the fourteenth anniversary of his accident, Ethan decides to file an appeal to the court for mercy killing. Ethan takes the help of his best friend and lawyer Devyani Dutta (Shernaz Patel) to support his appeal. Devyani understands Ethan's appeal and agrees to his reasoning and decides to support him in his cause. Surprising everyone with her stance, Ethan's mother Isabel Mascarenhas (Nafisa Ali) also supports him in his petition, backing her son's demand. Ethan's physician Dr. Nayak (Suhel Seth) with whom he has consistently persuaded to retract his case, he finally relents to Ethan's appeal when he realizes that the friend in him is much stronger than the medic. In the meantime, a young man named Omar Siddiqui (Aditya Roy Kapoor) enters Ethan's life to learn magic from him whom he considers to be the greatest of magicians. Impressed by his love for magic, Ethan agrees to pass on his legacy to Omar.
On the day of verdict Ethan's plea is rejected by the court, citing the legal code of the country cannot be violated in any circumstance. Ethan spends his time alone in his empty home when Sofia returns. She confesses to Ethan that she got the divorce and tells him that she will help with his mercy-killing, whatever the consequences be as Ethan means more to her. On hearing her words, Ethan realizes how much Sofia loves him. He proposes to her and Sofia agrees.
Ethan throws a farewell party for their friends and guests, where Ethan speaks about everyone who has meant very dear to him and finally tells everyone about his and Sofia's love. Ethan says that he will be dying a happy man with no regrets and the heart full of Sofia's love and bids all goodbye. At these words, all the guests, come to his couch and hug him, with Ethan laughing heartily.
This film is an unofficial remake of The Sea Inside a Spanish film based on the life of Ramón Sampedro.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Laali (Preetika Chawla) is one of the biggest fans of Shah Rukh Khan in the city. She believes that one day she will meet him in person and be his heroine, although for now she sells flowers by the road to make money for her family, brother (Menon), and boyfriend (Afzaal). One day, while selling flowers, she stops near a car when she hears a voice asking for some flowers. She goes over and finds Khan in the front seat. She nearly faints, but Khan grabs her and says "Khoobsurat Hai Tu" ("You are Beautiful"). Nobody believes her, and her efforts to prove that she met him form the rest of the story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Allah Ke Banday tells the tale of two 12-year-old boys (Vijay and Yakub) who grow up in the slums of India. Wanting to make a name for themselves in the mafia world, they start delivering drugs. Their friend (Zakir Hussain) dresses as a transgender, in an act where they loot people. Things go wrong when they are sent to a juvenile reformatory after being wrongly convicted for a murder. They learn life is much tougher in the reformatory than the world they came from. They are tortured by the warden and senior inmates. But instead of reforming they develop a more sinister plan in their quest for ultimate power. Unexpected events force the two men to choose between redemption and their quest for power. Will they find redemption, if so, at what price?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Abhay Gulati (Imran Khan) and Aaliya Khan (Deepika Padukone) have been friends since childhood. Aaliya has always loved acting, since her mother is an actress. Her father left her and her mother. Abhay likes cooking but his father wants him to take care of his business. Eventually Abhay and Aaliya start dating but Aaliya does not want to marry. An opportunity comes for Aaliya to go to Australia for acting school which she takes. She goes to Australia where she has to live with her strict aunt. She then moves into a bungalow where a bunch of young people live for cheap. Abhay gets paranoid and comes to Australia, annoying Aaliya because she feels he doesn't trust her and they break up. Abhay opens a restaurant and it becomes a big hit. Aaliya and Abhay slowly become friends again. Aaliya finishes acting school and Abhay's father finds out about his restaurant. Abhay and Aaliya's mother, Ayesha (Sharmila Tagore) come for Aaliya's graduation. Aaliya gets an opportunity to work in a movie and signs the contract without telling her mother, thereby enraging her. Soon Abhay leaves Aaliya too, because she is selfish. Realizing she is wrong and that she can't go on without her mother's support, she quits the movie and rushes back to India to get back things on track with her mother. Soon, her mother realises that Aaliya is strong to face the world and can come to terms with her mistakes rather easily than her mother herself was capable of, so she allows her to act in the movie and sends her back again. However, soon she return to the same Australian city for shooting her movie, and meets Abhay, who tells her he still hasn't moved on. She apparently, convinces him to move on and get married. However, she is stunned when she comes to know from another friend that Abhay is going to be married. Puzzled as to why he didn't tell her first about the news, Aaliya rushes to Abhay's house and finds him getting ready to get married. Aaliya begs him to re-think his decision, proposing to him with the very ring he was considering for her once upon a time. She confesses her love to him and tells him that she is really in love with him. Abhay, realising Aaliya's regret and love for him, shows her his wedding invitation which has her name, implying he intended to marry her all along. She is happy and they embrace, making up. The end credits show that the two have married, and have a baby girl named Sara.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sunny Deol plays Hussain, an honest Muslim truck driver who is forced to take on the system when he is falsely implicated in a crime. Neetu Singh (Tabu) is a police officer who is investigating the murder of the Chief Minister. While investigating the murder she falls prey to some criminal who play mind games with her. What happens next is revealed at the climax. The movie has political and social theme as its backdrop.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens up with 16 teenagers playing football in an open field, when the army convoy steps up and orders them to evacuate the field for setting up a base there. When the children oppose their unauthorized evacuation, the soldiers threaten them and then leave, grinning and planning to meet Masterda Surya Sen.
Surya Sen is a village school teacher and an activist for Indian freedom and has links with many other famous revolutionaries who adore him as their leader. The revolutionaries were Ganesh Ghosh (played by Samrat Mukerji), Lokenath Bal, Ambika Chakraborty, Nirmal Sen and Ananta Singh (played by Maninder Singh). Nirmal Sen (played by Sikander Kher) after being released from jail meets Masterda and asks him for next action. Masterda assures him of next action soon and Nirmal goes on to meet Pritilata Waddedar (played by Vishakha Singh), when she expresses her eagerness to join the Indian Republican Army along with his friend Kalpana Datta (played by Deepika Padukone). Together they meet Masterda who asks them to prove their skills by assigning them the task of collecting information about the Cantonment. Dressed as sweeping girls they both draw successful sketches of the Cantonment.
Meanwhile, those teenagers express their will to join Surya Sen to drive the British out of the country. Surya Sen enlists them and trains them in martial arts, shooting and bomb-making. Masterda devises the plan to rock the British Empire by planning a raid on police lines Armoury, Cantonment, Telegraph office and Railway lines. Apart from Surya Sen, the group included Ganesh Ghosh, Lokenath Baul, Nirmal Sen, Ambika Chakraborty, Naresh Roy, Sasanka Datta, Ardhendu Dastidar, Harigopal Baul, Tarakeswar Dastidar, Ananta Singh, Jiban Ghoshal, Anand Gupta, Pritilata Waddedar, Kalpana Datta and the group of teenagers. The plan was put into action at 10 o'clock on 18 April 1930. As per plan, the armoury of the police was captured by a group of revolutionaries led by Ganesh Ghosh and another group of ten, led by Lokenath Baul took over the Auxiliary Force armoury. Unfortunately the guns were found but bullets were not there. So they had to burn the arms there only. The revolutionaries also succeeded in dislocating telephone and telegraph communications and disrupting the movement of the trains. After the successful raids, all the revolutionary groups gathered outside the police armoury where Surya Sen took a military salute, hoisted the National Flag and proclaimed a Provisional Revolutionary Government. The revolutionaries left Chittagong town before dawn and marched towards the Chittagong hill ranges, looking for a safe place, but the police by then with the support of British Army had them surrounded, but the British Army's first wave had been demolished by Masterda's Teenagers, this enraged the British and they bought machine guns and fired casualties in Masterda's side. Harigopal Baul (Tegra) was first to be shot dead along with twelve others and the group had to flee leaving Ambika Chakraborty wounded, the Britishers found the dead bodies and burnt them with Petroleum.

Meanwhile, Masterda had split the group into four and asked them to separate. While living with her sister in Patiya village the police under Major Cameron surrounded Masterda and tried to capture him but he was shot dead by Nirmal sen. While Nirmal got wounded, he asked Masterda to get out of there and henceforth sacrificing his own life fighting. Later eight young rebels led by Pritilata Waddedar attacked the European Club. After killing the officials the rebels fled and Pritilata committed suicide by swallowing Cyanide. Masterda escaped and retired to another house with Kalpana and other young rebels. Meanwhile, the Police SP of Chittagong and other parts press hard crackdown on escaping rebel members and search for Masterda like anything. While, Masterda escaped, other members got arrested or killed in encounters with police while some members shot themselves like heroes to evade brutal torture by police. After few months, Haripada a young rebel decides to take revenge as he assassinates the SP who had an upper hand while suppressing the rebels, during an army football match. Finally, one night Masterda was encircled and was captured by police troopers he was trialled before the court and was sentenced to death by hanging, Surya Sen happily accepts the verdict. Before the death sentence, Surya Sen was brutally tortured by British executioners who break all his teeth, limbs and joints with a hammer. He was dragged to the rope unconscious and was hanged, thus ending the glorious life of a revolutionary who became one of the living legends, who laid their lives fighting for India's independence.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins with Anni (Manu Rishi) and his gangster colleagues who all work for Bhai Sahab (Sanjai Mishra), a gangster, watching U.S president Barack Obama's famous speech 'Yes We Can' on TV. Anni is shown as a big fan of Obama and wants to migrate to the US. In the US, Om Shastri (Rajat Kapoor), a business man has faced huge losses due to recession and is all set to lose his house if he can't pay his $100,000 loan in the next thirty days. He comes to India to sell his ancestral property in Uttar Pradesh as his last hope. But the recession has also hit India and he struggles to find a buyer.
Anni meets Om who promises him to take him to US Anni in excitement tells Bhai Sahab who thinks Om is rich and orders his kidnapping. He hopes to get a good ransom so that his bad times (due to recession) end. Om is kidnapped but later tells Bhai Sahab and his men that he is bankrupt. Thanks to the local police, one of the local gangsters Ali comes to know about Om and orders Bhai Sahab to hand over to him. Anni comes with idea of selling Om to Ali. Anni, Bhai Sahab and his men chant 'Yes We Can' out of happiness. Om on hearing their conversation suggests Bhai Sahab and him share the money, in return he would not tell Ali about their cheating. The deal happens and Bhai Sahab gets Rs. 3 million. Bhai Sahab then transfers half the amount to Om's bank account in US
The other gangster comes to know about Om's bankruptcy. But Om saves his and Anni's life by telling the same idea. The price now is Rs. 6 million and divided equally. Om is then sold for Rs. 6 million to Munni (Neha Dhupia), a dread female gangster who hates men. Om is happy because he receives Rs. 3 million and now there is a total of Rs. 4.5 million (US$100,000) in his bank account and tells his wife to pay off the loan. But soon Munni comes to know about Om's state and captures Bhai Sahab and his men. Om again saves his and others life from Munni asking her to play the same trick with local Minister and politician Dhanajay Singh.
So Munni takes Om to Dhanajay Singh. The Minister runs a kidnapping Mafia and is the head of all kidnappings. Minister pays Munni Rs. 15 million (15 million) and keeps Om and Anni at his guest house. Om and Anni come to know that they will be killed if Om's wife doesn't pay the ransom. At night, Om fakes a heart attack and escapes with Anni. The Minister orders the police for a manhunt. Realizing that he cannot escape to Delhi, he comes with a new plan.
He goes to the local police station where the Minister is there and surrenders to him. The minister is about to take Om back to the guest house when Anni along with the Minister's supporters and local media arrive. The minister has no option but to release Om. Om, on the other hand, tells the media to project the Minister as the next Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh for saving his life.
While on his way to Delhi to catch a flight back to the US, Om is stopped by Bhai Sahab and Munni. Munni gives Om his share but Om tells her to give it to his relatives. Om leaves and Anni stays back in India. In the last scene, Munni asks Bhai Sahab if they can be partners and he replies, "Yes, we can".
-----------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------
Bittoo Sharma (Ranveer Singh) is street-smart and fun-loving. He gatecrashes a wedding for the free food, and Shruti Kakkar (Anushka Sharma), an intelligent and quirky girl who is assisting the wedding coordinator, confronts him. Bittoo pretends that he is part of the film crew and makes a video of Shruti's performance when he sees her dancing at the wedding. The next day, he tries to impress Shruti with a DVD he compiled of her dance at the wedding. Shruti is not interested in flirting and reveals that her main interest is starting her own business and becoming a wedding planner.
Bittoo is under pressure from his father to come back to the village and work on the family sugarcane fields; Shruti is being coaxed into getting married as soon as possible by her relatives. After her exams are over, Shruti makes a deal with her parents that she has five years to get her business up and running before they arrange a marriage for her. When Bittoo's father comes to take him back to his village, Bittoo lies that he cannot come back because he is starting a wedding planning business. He goes to Shruti with the idea of becoming her partner in her business, but she refuses because she is worried that a partnership might lead to a romantic complication between them. She tells Bittoo that the number one rule of business is not to let love get in the way.
Shruti, with Bittoo tagging along, goes to meet Chanda Narang, a famous wedding planner, in the hopes that Chanda will hire her. Chanda shows no interest in Shruti but loses one of her male workers at that very moment and offers Bittoo the job. Bittoo accepts on the condition that he and Shruti are hired together. On the job, Shruti learns quickly that Chanda has exceptionally bad work ethics, cheats her clients with elaborate speeches but delivers nothing according to their wishes. When a client confronts Chanda, she blames Shruti. Bittoo angrily defends Shruti and the two of them quit and walk out together. They form their own company, Shruti's original idea of Shaadi Mubaarak (Congratulations on the Wedding). The begin with small, low-budget projects and gradually work their way up. They finally get their first big client by stealing them away from Chanda. The wedding is a huge success and that night they celebrate, ending up drunk and then having sex. Afterwards, Bittoo lies awake all night, worried, since Shruti had warned against this.
Bittoo starts behaving awkwardly around her, while Shruti realizes she has fallen in love with him. Shruti tries to reassure Bitto that she's not like other girls he fools around with. Bittoo is relieved, but misunderstands her words, and believes that she's telling him their night of passion didn't mean anything to her as well. He is relieved and cites her own rule that love should not get in the way of business. Shruti pretends to agree with him, but is despondent and heartbroken. She consoles herself and tries to act normally, but her resentment for Bittoo keeps increasing. This creates a tense atmosphere, eventually leading to a huge fight after the wedding of one of their clients. Shruti breaks the partnership, forcing Bittoo to leave the company. Bittoo starts his own wedding planning business called "Happy Wedding". However, they both perform terribly by themselves and both end up suffering huge losses, plunging them into debt.
They finally get a big contract, but it is contingent upon them working together. Facing debt collectors, they agree to partner up again one final time for the sake of recovering their losses. They divvy up the workload, eventually falling back into their old rhythm. The next day, Bittoo tells Shruti that they should be partners again. Shruti refuses his offer, telling him that she is getting married to her fiance, Chetan, and will move to Dubai. Bittoo is stunned and pesters her during the rest of the wedding preparations, coming up with various excuses why she shouldn't marry Chetan. As a last resort, he accuses her of her wanting to getting married to exact revenge on him. Shruti angrily answers Bittoo that she is doing it for her parents and because Chetan is right for her, and admits that she did fall in love with him, but since he didn't feel the same, she has moved on.
Bittoo realizes that he has been in love with Shruti all along, but was too scared to acknowledge the feelings he had for her. Desperate to win her back, Bittoo calls Chetan, telling him to bugger off as he loves Shruti. Hearing this, Shruti angrily confronts Bittoo. He tells Shruti that he was an idiot to have run away from her love, but also playfully chides her, asking why she couldn't have taught him true love the way she taught him the ropes of the business world. Shruti calls Chetan and calls off her engagement to Chetan and Shruti and Bittoo, together at last, share a kiss.
The film ends with Shruti and Bittoo dancing at their own wedding with all the clientele, friends and family to the tune of "Ainvayi Ainvayi".
-----------------------------------------------------------
Yash (Sanjay Dutt) and Raj (Akshaye Khanna) are small-time crooks and childhood buddies. Raj wants to lead an honest life, but Yash always manages to do something that jeopardises Raj's chances of turning over a new leaf. When Yash robs the First Village Bank, the innocent bank manager, Zandulal (Paresh Rawal), gets blamed, because he had sheltered Yash and Raj under his roof. Zandulal finds out that the two crooks fled to Durban and begs the bank chairman for time to look for the two and prove his innocence.
In Durban, diamonds worth millions have been stolen from the International Diamond Centre by an underworld gang led by Marcos (Sunil Shetty). Senior inspector Arjun Singh (Anil Kapoor) is determined to catch Marcos and his gang. Arjun is married to Kajal (Sushmita Sen), the daughter of the commissioner of the police (Shakti Kapoor). Kajal has a split personality – she's a loving wife and mother, who for 10 minutes every day transforms into a terrifying troublemaker, intent on murdering her husband.
Yash and Raj try to avoid Zandulal, who does not realise that they are his neighbours. Raj falls in love with Sanjana (Kangana Ranaut), Kajal's younger sister. He pretends to be arrogant, wanting her to think that lots of girls are crazy for him. After he confesses, however, they plan on getting married. At the engagement, Zandulal encounters Yash and Raj, threatening to expose them unless they return the money they stole from his bank. Cornered, Raj and Yash agree to commit one last robbery. They rob a minister's house, minutes before Marcos arrives. The minister is tortured and killed, because Marcos cannot find the stolen diamonds.
During Sanjana's marriage with Raj, Arjun, with Kajal's father, arrest Yash, Raj and Zandulal for robbing the minister's house. They are sent to prison but Raj bribes a film director to help him escape. Marcos confronts Raj and Yash about the diamonds. He attempts to intimidate them by tying them to a train track on which a train is rushing full-speed, but this fails because the train rushes at him and his gang instead of Yash and Raj.
Because of the cancellation of Sanjana's marriage, Kajal's fits become worse. She uses guns and knives on Arjun to kill him. Kajal's father tries to get them to divorce but to no avail. Yash kidnaps Sanjana and, with Raj, wins approval from Kajal to help them against Marcos. They also kidnap one of Marcos' associates, Sofia. To intimidate Marcos further, they dress up for a festival and run away with the diamonds. The diamonds eventually get thrown into a fishtank, and the fish eat them all up.
After a hilarious climax, Sofia disappears, never to be seen again. Arjun is relocated to another town to start police-training from scratch. Marcos and his associates are all arrested and sentenced to 40 years in prison for their crimes. Yash and Raj start a fishing business to recover their lost diamonds.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is about a mislead youth who commits a stupid crime just to prove a point. But there are repercussions on the general public and people connected to him. How will the Government tackle this issue and what can they do to keep it from happening again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Insurance employee Kunal (Munish Khan) suffers an almost fatal accident but is rescued by passer-by Raghu (Zakir Hussain). Three months later Kunal and Raghu meet again, and Kunal invites Raghu for a tea. That night he realizes that Raghu, while his saviour, is an assassin who is hunted by his enemies. When Kunal's girlfriend (Sara Khan) becomes involved, Kunal must decide between saving his love and repaying his debt to Raghu.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Based on a folktale, the story of Kaalo revolves around a desert witch of the same name. Kaalo was a witch who lived in Kulbhata during the 18th century. She was killed and buried by angry villagers for sacrificing young nubile girls to satisfy her greed for immortality, but her fear lived on. Year's later villagers spoke of Kaalo's sightings yet again. They claimed she was even more angry and dangerous and she was back to finish what she left incomplete. Kulbhata was vacated overnight by scared villagers. All roads leading to Kulbhata were sealed by horrifying tales of Kaalo killing anyone who dared to enter Kulbhata until a bus carrying eleven passengers on its way to Kuldevi had to pass through Kulbhata. One of the passengers on the bus was a twelve-year-old girl named Shona who was travelling alone to spend her vacation at her grandmother's house in the neighboring village. Shona was clever, witty and cheerful. She soon became the life of the journey. Everyone loved her endearing manners. Especially the reclusive and reticent Sameer, who was traveling with a bag loaded with gunpowder to blast a small hillock which would give way to a water canal for his drought hit village. Badly disfigured and thirsty for blood, Kaalo could smell the girl from miles away and headed straight for the bus. She would kill everyone who came in her way, she had to have the girl anyhow. When the passengers suddenly realized they were staring into death everything changed. From being the life of the journey, Shona became their very reason for dying. Everyone wanted her out of the bus, some even used her as a bait to lure Kaalo away from themselves. Human relations changed as they fought for their survival. No one except Sameer had the guts to stand up for Shona. It didn't matter to him whether Kaalo was a creature or a witch. All he knew was that he has to protect Shona at any cost because time was running out for him and his co-passengers who were still alive. At the end of the movie sameer pierces two sticks in kaalo's eyes making her blind and inserts a knife in kaalo's body. Now for kaalo was not able to see anything, Sameer hangs the gunpowder bag on kaalo's neck and lights the gunpowder. Kaalo explodes into pieces and goes underneath the earth. At the end of movie, Shona and Sameer goes towards home.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Maanav (Arunoday Singh) is a struggling filmmaker who will not compromise on the script he has written. His girlfriend Ruchi (Shahana Goswami), a successful film editor, arranges for him to meet film producer Nitin (Sushant Singh). Nitin likes the script but is not very sure of its box office potential. Maanav then suggests a story from the Panchtantra: A woman is caught red-handed with her lover by her husband and yet, she manages to wriggle out of it Scot-free! Nitin loves the story but finds it too short for a feature film. Maanav then creates three more stories based on the same premise: in a way, the Panchantra story travels in different versions to the modern times through the film. The four stories are woven together by a common story. Mirch itself echoes this structure, with four stories mingling with the main narrative.
1st Story.
Kashi(Rajpal Yadav) is a craftsman in India in ancient time. He has a beautiful wife Manjula(Raima Sen) who loves him with passion. He receives an invitation from the king to work in the palace. He tells Maya that it is a great opportunity because if the king likes his work, they can become rich. She is upset because she does not want to be alone, but Kashi convinces her. In the afternoon Kashi's friend teases him that his wife is too pretty for him to handle and she will definitely call in another man the moment Kashi leaves for the city. Kashi furiously dismisses it but gets suspicious. He hides near in his house to observe his wife. His friend comes home asking for Kashi. Maya says husband is not at home. The friend then asks for water, which Maya passes to him(without opening the door), he tries to make advances towards her but she throws water on his face and he runs away. Kashi is happy that is wife is extremely faithful to him. He sneaks under the bed to surprise her. Maya then enters the room with a hunky prince(Arunoday Singh). She suddenly realizes that her husband is hiding under the bed. She then fabricates a story of how she was told by the astrologer that her husband has bad luck on him and he shall die within a few days. To avoid this she must consummate with another man so that the bad luck is diverted towards the second man. The prince plays along saying that being a kshatriya he is born to protect others and he is "obligated to do his duty". Kashi now in dilemma, whether to stop them and bear the "bad luck" or helplessly have his wife make love to another man right on the bed he that he is hiding under.
2nd story
This story is set in medieval times in Rajput Kingdom. Raja Nirgun Singh(Prem Chopra), at the ripe old age of 70, has a young wife Lavni(Konkana Sen). Lavni is not satisfied with this marriage and discusses this with her maid Kesara(Ila Arun). Kesara tells her that it is not uncommon for queens to ask for "services" from young and reliable subjects. Lavni tells her that she likes Chandresh(Arunoday Singh), who is one of the King's subjects and is a close friend of the King. Kesara passes on the message to Chandresh, who refuses it saying he cannot do this because this would be cheating on the king (he cannot tell the king about the queen's advances either as this would mean a death sentence). Kesara tells him that he shall be rewarded very generously by the Queen. On hearing this, Chandresh says that he is agreeable but he has a few conditions and shall reveal them one by one. All these conditions require completion of seemingly impossible tasks which he puts forward just to deter the Queen. But Lavni completes these tasks(from plucking the tooth of the king to getting rid of the king's pet cat). He sees the Queen's desperation and places one last task, that whatever "happens" must happen in front of the King. The Queen says yes to this one as well. One night the king and queen are sitting in the garden. Chandresh walks in and the queen asks him to fetch fruit from the tree in the garden. Chandresh climbs the tree and comes down asking for apology. The king asks him for what he saw, Chandresh replied that he saw the king and queen in sexual embrace. The queen rejects that claim angrily, saying that this is something that has never ever happened, leave alone now (humiliating the king in the process). Chandresh says that, even then, his vision *can* still happen, if the tree is possessed by a spirit. Lavni dismisses that as a fairy tale, and instigates the king to verify this for himself. The old King, now with mixed feelings of embarrassment and anger, climbs the tree. Being old and frail, he climbs up with some difficulty and then gets stuck on top of the tree and can not easily come down. Meanwhile, Chandresh and Lavni down below get into a sexual embrace. The king sees them in the act from up on the tree but is stll unable to climb down the tree. When the king does eventually manage to come down, he sees the queen and Chandresh are fully dressed and sitting normally as if nothing had happened. The king is convinced that the sexual embrace he saw was just an unreal vision and orders the tree to be cut down, declaring it possessed.
3rd Story
Manjul(Shreyas Talpade) and Manjula(Raima Sen) are a seemingly perfect couple living in modern-day Mumbai. Manjul is a prankster by nature who likes to take challenges. During a party, he claims that he can take up disguise and change his mannerism that even those close to him cannot recognize it. To prove his point he plans a prank. He tells his wife that he is working in office, and his old client shall be coming home for dinner. His career depends on this so she must treat the boss well. Manjula unaware of it welcomes the boss(manjul in disguise as an old man). Serves him food (the dishes told by Manjul which he said the boss loves). The boss makes sexual advances towards her and Manjula gets upset and locks herself in the bathroom telling the boss to leave. Manjul then reveals his prank and Manjula comes out. Manjul later asks her jokingly that she did not please the boss despite the career opportunity in return, to which Manjula jokes that who would fall for an old haggard man. This puts another plan in the mind of Manjul. After a few months he claims he is going out of town for work. He disguises himself again as Mark(this time as a dark complexioned young south Indian man) claiming to be a college time friend of Manjul. He befriends Manjula, winning her trust. He does everything Manjula complains that Manjul does not employ, while also boasting how he was better than Manjul in every aspect. Manjula unaware of it just laughs it out. This goes on for two days. Mark(Manjul) finally approaches Manjula claiming that she deserves better to which Manjula refuses saying that he might be better but he is not the one. On this Manjul reveals his identity. Manjula gets upset saying that Manul is trying to test her love, and he does not have faith in her. This causes a rift between them, and their relationship is estranged. One year later, the couple has a really strained relationship, they do not talk to each other. Manjul has become a workaholic, while Manjula tries to seek solace in Art. One day in an art gallery she meets a painter(Arunoday Singh) who praises her beauty and offers to make her the model of his paintings. After a conversation of arts Manjula accepts his offer and over the course of time they come close. Manjula now has an affair with the painter. One day when Manjul is leaving for the Airport to attend a meeting, Manjula calls the painter home. They are in bed when Manjul suddenly finds that he has forgotten his tickets, he returns home, and quietly enters the house(it was late night, not to wake her up). He is shocked to find Manjula in bed with another man to which Manjula blatantly replies "I thought it is you again in a disguise."
Story 4
Asu Hotmal (Boman Irani) says good bye to his wife Anita (Konkana Sen) who is not happy that her husband has to go out of town again and again for business. On the way, as Asu chitchats with the cab driver, he reveals that he regrets that he got married and that the bachelors have more fun. He then goes to a hotel where he asks the butler for a hooker. The hooker arrives dressed in a Burka. Asu offers her drink and food, the hooker reveals herself as Anita. Caught in an embarrassing situation, she turns the tables on him and angrily questions why he felt the need to seek another woman and that she turned up as a hooker just to catch him in the act after her friend Sakina saw him check into the hotel. Then, she locks herself in the bathroom where she calls her pimp, telling him he has accidentally set her up with her own husband. To fix the situation, she gets the pimp to burst in and tell Asu that due to police monitoring going on tonight, he is not going to be able send the hooker. Anita, while still in the locked bathroom puts some Glycerine in her eyes to fake the tears and then comes out crying saying she now no longer wants to be with him. Asu falls to his knees begging that he has made a mistake and shall do anything to make up for it. Anita forgives him and they hug. Then, Anita asks Asu how much was he going to pay for "the service" tonite. Asu replies 2,000. Anita coldly says that, in that case, for him to make up for tonight, she wants jewelery worth 200,000 from him. Asu agrees immediately.
The producer Nitin, who was enjoying the stories seems visibly upset after the fourth one. He quickly walks out of office and tells maanav that he shall call him about it. He angrily reaches home and it is revealed during an argument with his wife Seema(Tisca Chopra) that he had been in a similar situation just like the fourth story. He asks Seema what is the truth, to which Seema replies that it is for him to decide. Nitin then hugs his wife, realizing it is better not to dig up past grudges as it will ruin their relationship.
Ruchi in the last scene informs Maanav that the producer has approved his story and they celebrate.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tees Maar Khan mainly revolves around conman Tabrez Khan (Akshay Kumar) who has been a criminal since he was young. He was caught in France and deported back to India. Two police officers Chatterjee (Aman Verma) and Mukherjee (Murli Sharma) escorted him but he escaped.
His wife is struggling actress Anya Khan (Katrina Kaif). Tabrez takes a job from the Johri brothers (Raghu Ram and Rajiv Laxman) to rob a non-stop train loaded with precious antiques. He cons the people of Dhulia village into helping him by saying that he will make a historical film about their village. He approaches the greedy but popular actor Aatish Kapoor (Akshaye Khanna), who is eager to get the Oscar award and fools him into working in his "film". While shooting in the village Tabrez gets the news that train will reach the village side after a week and hence shortage of the equipments for resume shooting occurs. To overcome this problem the group plans to rob the bank and buy the equipments, but people of dhulia comes to know about financial problem of Tabrez and decides to help him. While they are following Tabrez to help him he misunstands that they know about their robbery and true identity and are willing to expose him and giving him to police. Accidentally Tabrez runs into the forest exposing a child abduction ring and thus helping many villagers find their long-lost children, after knowing the intention of the villagers Tabrez feels guilty about conning the villagers and swears that he will give them a share of the treasure. The robbery goes well but he and all the villagers get arrested while the Johri brothers make off with the treasure. Tabrez claims that he is innocent, but gets imprisoned.
The movie is completed and, at the premiere, Aatish, Anya, Tabrez's mother, his accomplices and the villagers walk the red carpet with him and the police. After the film, Tabrez escapes. Later, on their private jet, the Johri brothers enjoy what they got until Tabrez and his gang throw them out of the plane. The film ends with Tabrez and his mother becoming rich, Aatish receiving an Oscar from actor Anil Kapoor, Anya becoming an actress and has shot for hair removal cream and the whole Dhulia village opening their own saloons, party halls and the village inspector opening a poster signing stall to all the people from America. The crew of the film are seen receiving the Oscar awards in the song "Happy Ending".
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins in Ajmer, in the state of Rajasthan, where Rajnandini Khandelwal (Sandeepa Dhar) passes her 12th class examination and is the state-topper, winning three scholarships. Everyone is happy, but in keeping with her father's conservative tastes, he and her mother want Rajnandini to get married. However, Rajnandini wants to study further, desires that her mother supports, and so her mother tricks the father to send her to Mumbai to a relative's house, ostensibly to learn the culinary arts, as preparation for her marriage; however, secretly, the mother enrolled her in a college, and instead of staying with her aunt, as had been agreed with the father, arrangements have been made by the mother and her sister (aunt) to put her up in a hostel.
At the college, the principal instructs her that she must join one of the various non-curricular societies, and so she volunteers for the College's Dramatics Society (DS), headed by Vivaan (Akshay Oberoi). When she introduces herself as Rajnandini Khandelwal, the others mock her name as being "long" and Vivaan abbreviates her name to "RJ."
The DS under Vivaan chooses to participate in a National Theatre Festival, and Vivaan chooses William Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew; however when a member of the DS objects that the play is "MCP," Vivaan declares that he will modify it to remove the misogyny, and that the play would be known as The Taming of the Shrew - Reborn.
Vivaan & RJ become good friends and love was in the air. RJ helps Vivaan to overcome his hostility towards his demanding father and come to a compromise about his (Vivaan's) future career possibilities.
But on her birthday, Rajnandani and her friends including Vivaan goes to her aunt's house, where, surprisingly her dad opened the door. He is enraged with RJ that she was out partying with her friends and had modernized her dress and demeanour, and takes her back to Ajmer where her marriage was being fixed with the son of an old business associate, Nareshchandra.
The heart-broken Vivaan decides to go to Ajmer with the entire DS, reaching RJ's home during the preparations for her engagement ceremony.
On being confronted for the real reason for his presence by RJ's hostile father, Vivaan confesses that his play cannot work without RJ and that he wants her to resume her leading part, even if only for the final play. RJ's father angrily rejects the request and denounces Vivaan and his friends as having no regards or respect for traditions.
However, as the day goes by, RJ's father is under increasing stress due to Nareshchandra's escalating financial demands, and comes to appreciate Vivaan and his friends for their help in meeting these exactations, coming to the realization that "one's own exploit and abuse while strangers aid and succor," so that, as RJ and the groom are to exchange vows, her father forbids her, breaks of the marriage with Nareshchandra's son, and, changing tack, decides to allow RJ to resume her part in the play's production.
The play wins the 1st prize and everyone in RJ's and Vivaan's families are extremely happy; Vivaan and RJ get engaged, and RJ is sent to New York to develop her natural passion for choreography after which it is planned that they will get married. The story ends with the last scene when everyone comes to the airport to drop RJ.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is based on Aditya Kumar (Ajay Devgan), a famous actor who plays a very famous superhero on TV, who lives with his family which consists of his wife and two children. He consistently tries to explain to his son that all cartoons are fake and he shouldn't waste his time watching them, to which his son replies, he is also a fake hero as stuntmen do the real action. Humiliated, he leaves home, and is soon kidnapped by the cartoons his son watches. Unbelievable, a group of cartoons named Devtoons from a cartoon world named Toonpur would like Aditya to fight their enemy Jagaru and leave Toonpur in peace.
Aditya first hesitates but when a character from Toonpur named Bolly says he is a fake hero, he feels disturbed but then agrees to prove he is a real superhero. Aditya and his cartoon friends attack Jagaru's base and defeat the Toonasurs but in the process many of their friends get kidnapped by Jagaru. Now only one option is left for Aditya; to get the Toonastra from Rubdoot and erase Jagaru. But Jagaru gets to know of this and so kidnaps Aditya's family. Now Aditya has to enter Jagaru's game and rescue everyone taken hostage by Jagaru.He goes above lava,inside riddle room and etc.he then defeats jaguru and frees his son.the movie ends with aditya leaving peace in toonpur.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The director, Tanvir Ahmed, describes this film as "a tale of a noble father, a religious mother and a gangster son in Mumbai City".
It is the tale of Ayaan, son of the noble Anil Anand, and the spiritual Aamina. Ayaan’s world is turned upside down when Anil starts receiving death threats if he goes ahead with his testimony against some criminals.
The murder of his father sets Ayaan on a course of revenge and killing against the criminals of Mumbai, as he becomes a contract killer.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sidhu (Akshay Kumar) is a lowly vegetable cutter at a roadside food stall in the Chandni Chowk section of Delhi, who consults astrologers, tarot card readers, and fake fakirs despite his foster father Dada's (Mithun Chakraborty) exhortations. When two strangers from China claim him as a reincarnation of war hero 'Liu Shen' and take him to China, Sidhu, encouraged by trickster Chopstick (Ranvir Shorey), believes he will be feted as a hero, unaware of his own recruitment to assassinate the smuggler Hojo (Gordon Liu).
Sidhu travels to China with Chopstick. Along the way he meets Sakhi (Deepika Padukone), the Indian-Chinese spokesmodel known as Ms. Tele Shoppers Media, or Ms. TSM, who also appears in China. Her twin sister Suzy, known as the femme fatale Meow Meow, works for Hojo, not knowing Hojo tried to kill her father, Inspector Chiang (Roger Yuan). Sidhu, through a series of accidents, initially eludes Hojo, but Hojo eventually exposes him as a fraud. Thereupon Hojo kills Dada, and Sidhu is beaten and urinated on by Hojo. Injured and disgraced Sidhu vows revenge. He thereafter encounters an amnesiac vagrant, whom he later identifies to Sakhi as Inspector Chiang. Chiang later recovers his memory and trains Sidhu in kung fu. When Hojo again meets with Sidhu, Suzy injures Chiang; but upon seeing Sakhi, betrays Hojo. Sidhu fights Hojo in single combat, eventually using a modified vegetable-cutting technique to overwhelm him. In the aftermath, Sidhu opens a vegetable stall in China, but is recruited to fight for some African pygmies. The film thereupon concludes with the announcement "To be Continued – Chandni Chowk to Africa".
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story starts with an American visiting the Kalindi Temple at night. There he sees the priest of the temple in a horrific state – he had slit his body with a scythe and had written 'Om' on his body. The man, horrified by what he is seeing, flees from there. The story then shifts to a model in her early 20s, Nandita (Kangana Ranaut) who is in love with Yash, (Adhyayan Suman) a director and host of the reality show "Andhvishwas" a show dealing with various superstitions of ghosts and tantric voodoos. Yash gifts Nandita an apartment where they start living and they love each other, in the meantime Nandita gets pregnant.
One evening, Nandita encounters Prithvi (Emraan Hashmi), an aspiring artist who is in search of his masterpiece. Prithvi tells Nandita that he made a sketch 4 months ago of a girl, who is actually Nandita. He also shows her a painting where she is lying with her wrist slit. He warns her of any type of danger. Regardless, Nandita accidentally slits her wrist due to an unknown ghostly attack on her in the bathroom. Prithvi saves her and admits her to a hospital. Yash arrives to the hospital and comes to know about her pregnancy and also her miscarriage due to excessive bleeding. She complains to Yash about Prithvi, and Yash gets him arrested, though he is released later on.
Meanwhile, at Kalindi, the same American, David Cooper (J. Brandon Hill), who is the Kalindi chemical plant owner, commits suicide by hanging himself after writing on the wall of his room, "Tum ashudh ho, andar sey sadh chuke ho" (You are impure, you are rotten from inside), with his blood. The inspector investigating the suicide is severely affected by it. Back at his home, Prithvi makes another picture of Nandita getting mobbed. He runs to a fashion show where Nandita is performing, and witnesses her being possessed and attacking a spiritual guru attending the show. She then says the same lines, "Tum ashudh Ho, andar sey sadh chuke ho", to the guru. Prithvi rushes to her rescue, but is prevented by the guards. Nandita is taken away from the guru and audience. The guru later appears on TV, claiming she had been possessed. Coming to know about everything, Yash has her publicly apologise to everyone, and declares that she has mental problems.
After the guards release Prithvi, Nandita is possessed again in her bathroom, with same lines appearing in the mirror. She goes to Prithvi for help, but he refuses her, showing her a new painting in which she is hanging herself and the same lines seem to appear behind her. He also shows her some news clippings about the death of the priest and David Cooper, with the same lines written behind them. Nandita thanks him and leaves to attend a party with Yash. There she is possessed and attacked again, and starts bleeding. Meanwhile, Prithvi prepares himself to help Nandita by burning the ominous painting of Nandita, which symbolises that he will protect her. He spots Nandita running from the party, apparently bleeding, and follows her. He finally catches up to her in a slum, where he sees her writing the same lines as before with her blood. He tries to stop her, but realises that she is possessed. She then tries to commit suicide but he prevents her from doing so. Yash arrives to find Nandita in Prithvi's arms.
Yash agrees to help Nandita on the condition she leaves Prithvi, but she refuses his help and decides to stay with Prithvi and visit Kalindi to find out the truth. Prithvi and Nandita spend the night in a guest house, where Nandita is possessed once again. The spirit leads her to a forest where she is repeatedly attacked by paranormal beings. She receives visions of people hanging from trees. She then spots a well and somebody standing near it, and goes towards them. Just as she is about to jump, Prithvi catches her. It is revealed that the 'well' was actually the steep edge of a cliff. They arrive at Kalindi and meet the priest's wife (who is living life as a prostitute) who tells them that it was her husband who was evil and his death was not surprising, considering the crimes he had committed against innocent people in the name of religion. They decide to go to the police inspectors' house (the same one who investigated David Coopers' suicide), where they find him completely crazy and are unable to prevent him from committing suicide.
Nandita and Prithvi soon continue their journey by jeep. One night while travelling, they are attacked by animals. Nandita escapes the jeep and heads towards the trees, where she finds the same well. This time, before Prithvi can save her, she jumps into it. Prithvi follows her. Inside the well, Nandita comes to know that it was Prithvi's father, Veer Pratap Singh (Jackie Shroff), who was possessing her. It so happened that he discovered that the Kalindi chemical plant dumps its toxins into a lake where thousands gathered once a year to bathe in a sacred ritual. He lodges a complaint against David Cooper but is warned by the policeman and the priest against taking any action, or his life will be in peril. He merely replies, "Tum ashudh Ho, andar sey sadh chuke ho". Veer Pratap tries to tell the truth to everyone, but is killed by the goons of the priest and his body is dumped in the same well. His spirit returns for his revenge. He kills David Cooper, and the policeman and priest who sided with David. Prithvi finally learns the truth, but is still confused as to why Nandita was used for this. They come to know that it was Yash who had all the proof of Veer Singh's death, but he had sold those proofs to David in return for sponsorship of his show. Nandita tries to escape with the proof but is just about shot by Yash, when Prithvi saves her. Unfortunately for both, Prithvi is stabbed by Yash. In the end however, the spirit of Veer attacks and kills Yash. Before moving on, Veer heals Prithvi's wounds after which Nandita and Prithvi are reunited.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Young actor Vikram Jaisingh (Farhan Akhtar) arrives in Mumbai to make it as a Bollywood film star with the help of Abhimanyu (Arjun Mathur), an actor friend from his hometown, and their mutual friend Sameer, who works in a studio props department.
Vikram befriends Abhimanyu's neighbor, young actress Sona Mishra (Konkona Sen Sharma), with whom he eventually becomes romantically involved. Sona, the mistress of small-time producer Satish Chowdhury (Alyy Khan), who for three years has promised her a leading role in his dream project, meanwhile works in regional films and bit parts.
Sona finds out that Satish has secured financing for the new project and meets him expecting him to cast her as second heroine, but he refuses saying that they need a new face and since she has acted in many regional films and other small roles she is no longer a fresh face. She argues that she can act well but he says that is not a major criterion these days in Bollywood. Sona is crying when Satish's wife enters and asks her why she is crying. Sona answers by fabricating a lie about trouble at home to save both her and Satish's embarrassment. Sona while leaving the both of them gives photos of Vikram to Satish who shows it to his wife and who in turn shows them to Romy (Rishi Kapoor).
Vikram is shortlisted for Romy's new movie. Neena (Dimple Kapadia), the mom of Nikki (Isha Sharvani)the actress cast for the movie, was a big film actress in the heyday. She sees Vikram's audition and tries to remember where has she met him before. Vikram had once approached her at a film fraternity party. Vikram is told his audition was for the lead in the film and that Neena has seen his audition. At home, he sees every movie Neena has starred in and he impresses her with his charm and knowledge about her work. Recalling past advice, Vikram successfully boosts a competing actor's ego whose overconfident acting is rejected by the director. Finally, Vikram is selected by Neena, Ranjit (director of the film Sanjay Kapoor) and Romy's wife (Juhi Chawla), despite Romy's desire to cast the other macho, hunky actor.
On set Vikram becomes increasingly crafty and manipulative, while Nikki is smitten by him and sneaks into his room one night while her mother is asleep in an attempt to seduce him. Vikram succumbs to her advances and a secret affair starts between the two; the affair becomes stronger when Neena has to leave the set on business for a few days. Vikram tells Nikki he has no girlfriend. Meanwhile, Sona arrives at the hotel where the cast is staying to surprise Vikram. Her friend who is also working on the film warns her of a blossoming romance between Vikram and Nikki. Since Vikram has stayed in touch with her, Sona doesn't take heed of her friend's warning but discovers the truth when she sees Vikram's unexpectedly cold behavior towards her. Hurt, she leaves the hotel. After coming back, Neena instantly recognizes that something is going on between them and makes them understand that it will be mutually beneficial not to let the press and public know of their intimacy.
Meanwhile, in Mumbai, news of the affair has leaked and a friend of Sona who works at a tabloid is assigned to prepare the article, which describes Vikram as a user who has shot to stardom by manipulating Neena and her daughter Nikki. The article also mentions details of when he was struggling to land a role and Sona's part in his life as the forgotten girlfriend. Neena gets very upset and yells at the magazine editor and tells Nikki to stay away from Vikram. Vikram and Nikki have a fight, and Vikram shows his frustration to Sona as he believes she is the one responsible for the article.
Eventually the film is released and it becomes a hit. Vikram rises to stardom but at the expense of his friends. At a party, he meets his idol Shah Rukh Khan, who advises him to not fall into the trappings of stardom and to always stay close to the people who stood by him when he was a nobody. He tries to get back with Sona, but she points out that he only wants to be with her because he is selfish and feels guilty. She refuses and walks out of his life. Sona soon gets good roles on television and is interviewed by a reporter for her fan following. The film ends with her telling the reporter that she is happy living the life of an independent and somewhat successful actress instead of being upset about not becoming a major movie star.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around the life of Vijay Shekhawat (Harman Baweja) and his father Ram Shekhawat (Anupam Kher). Ram has great aspirations for his son Vijay, who he dreams will play for the Indian cricket team one day. His dream eventually comes true when Vijay makes it to the Indian team. His childhood friend Nandini (Amrita Rao) has believed in him since the very first time he spoke the name of cricket and never ever doubted him. However, this happiness is short-lived as Vijay soon loses his place in the team, as well as the respect he has earned, when he lets his new-found fame get the better of him.
Vijay soon discovers how quickly the media and the public can make a villain out of a hero. Unable to bear the shock and humiliation, Ram suffers a brain hemorrhage. Nandini takes the responsibility to care for Ram and take in Vijay. Vijay and Nandini fly to Australia to have surgery on his back. The surgery is successful and Vijay soon realises that Nandini, his childhood friend, could be his life partner. He nurtures his feelings for her but Nandini is still healing after Vijay's bad side took over and is finding it hard to trust him and behave like his true friend again. They return to Jaisalmer and Vijay vows to be a better cricketer for his country. He proves himself to his father and Nandini that he can play for his country and his coach relies on him too. He gets selected once again to play in the major international cricket tournament. He injures himself whilst playing but vows to play no matter his health. He wins the cricket tournament and returns to his hometown Jaisalmer, to see his father and Nandini. Vijay and his father reconcile and just when everything is going fine Ram dies in Vijay's arms. They hold the funeral and we see Vijay and Nandini comforting each other in the end scene. We assume they get together. And it finishes with Vijay once again playing in a cricket tournament and playing for his country.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A story of a simpleton whose life changes when he becomes the owner of a private bus.Deepak (Govinda) is a simpleton. He has been switching jobs as he does not want to succumb to the corrupt system. Since years, with unwavering efforts, financial hardships and an unshaken faith in the judicial systems, he has been helping his father Omkarnathji (Om Puri) in a legal matter.
Omkarnathji, the ex-principal of a private school, is fighting a court case against the school to get his due provident fund and pension. He later wins the case and the school is ordered to give a part of its property as compensation, if there is no money in its funds.
And thus Deepak's life gets an addition: a bus.
Instead of selling it off, acting on his father's advice, he decides to run the bus. While the rest of the family members - two sisters: Chhaya and Aprana (Upasana Singh and Amita Nangia) and their Ghar-Jamaaee husbands Vinayak Agrawal, a Lawyer (Asrani) and U.U. Upadhyay (Manoj Joshi) are against it. They feel it's a low profile job. Their primary interest is in selling off the huge bus and devouring their share of property.
But Deepak has immense trust in his father's judgment. Sundar (Rajpal Yadav) a jolly good sweetheart, who is desperately trying for an American Visa, is also an age old friend. He comes in handy with initial investments and they establish a company, Chal Chala Chal transport.
And so begins the ride of their lives.
The bus is in a dilapidated condition and much of money is gone for the repairs.
It's a roller-coaster ride where mishaps are more than the commuters. The bus driver, Basantilal (Razzak Khan) wears thick glasses and the conductor Harilal (Asif Basra) has a sugar factory in his mouth and an eye for cash... adding to it like a cherry on the triple-decker pastry- Sunder's enmity with a rat which has eaten his passport.
Corruption chases Deepak in transport business as well U.U. Upadhyay is a chief vehicle inspector. He tried his level best to harass Deepak and extort money, raising troubles.
These workers are messing up Deepak's life and business, but he can't raise a finger against them, for they are under the cushioned wings of the Union Leader Mr. Singh (Murli Sharma).
They only relief should have been the lovely lady on the bus Payal (Reema Sen), but the bus hits her fracturing her leg. Now she is also in the vengeance mode, extorting money from Deepak.
What saves Deepak from these mad house characters, is his faith in his principals and his father's love-acting as the strong backbone in bitter sweet times.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Billu (Irrfan Khan) is a poor barber who lives with his wife Bindiya (Lara Dutta) and their two children, Gunja (Mitali Mayekar) and Ronak (Pratik Dalvi) in the village of Budbuda. He also spends time with his close friends Budbudiya (Rajpal Yadav) and Naubat Chacha (Asrani). Though struggling, Billu lives an uneventful life until Bollywood superstar Sahir Khan (Shah Rukh Khan) comes to the village for a film shoot.
Billu has mentioned to his family that he knows Sahir from the past but has never elaborated how he knows the star. When his children talk about their father's friendship with the star, word spreads throughout the village. Virtually overnight, Billu, who had previously been scorned by most due to his lowly state, becomes the center of attention. People who had spurned him only the week before now call him a close friend so that he will introduce them to Sahir. Billu refuses and downplays the friendship. Even so, the powerful businessman Sahukaar Daamchand (Om Puri) demands to see Sahir and offers Billu expensive gifts in order to gain such a meeting. When Billu consistently fails to introduce the people of the village to Sahir, his situation changes once again. He is accused of lying about his friendship and everyone – including his wife and children – begin to doubt his character and integrity. Rather than defend himself, Billu remains quiet about the nature of his and Sahir's friendship.
On Sahir's last day in the village, the star speaks at a local school. He tells the children about his own impoverished childhood when he had nothing but a special bond of friendship with another young boy, named Billu. It was Billu who had taken care of Sahir and eventually helped him travel to Mumbai City by giving him his gold earring where Sahir became a star. Billu, who is standing at the back of the event, leaves during the talk without revealing to Sahir that he is there. However the townspeople realized their error, and take Sahir to Billu's house. Billu's children come home and apologise to their father. Then, Sahir appears in his car and is reunited with Billu. In the end, Sahir must leave for another shoot but promises that his and Billu's friendship is reignited and will remain friends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The serial killer dubbed 'Stoneman' ,'pattharmaar' by the media has just claimed his fifth victim and the case is still of little interest to the Bombay police. But to suspended sub-inspector Sanjay Shelar (Kay Kay Menon) (for a custodial death of a gangster) this killer poses an opportunity to recover his job from suspension. Sanjay hopes to track the killer down and thus, possibly find an entry back into the police force. With the secret aid of his patronizing superior AIG Satam (Vikram Gokhale), Sanjay takes up the arduous process of tracking the murderer.He asks help from an aide and his friend Kamble (Virendra Saxena) who tells him that his wife has ran away. The official police investigator of the case, Kedar Phadke (Arbaaz Khan), clashes incessantly with Sanjay. They, separately, delve deeper into the case. Sanjay is determined to find the stone-man. He takes the help of his informer Ghanshu(Ashraful haque).The stoneman is shown to be killing poor people sleeping on streets(Beggars,workers,sweepers etc.). All the people on the streets think the killer is a midnight taxi driver Mohammed. His wife Manali (Rukhsar) is upset with him and thinks that he is having an affair. One night someone throws a stone into Sanjay's house through a window. Manali thinks it to be the mischief of boys of the locality; Sanjay feels it is the stone-man. Another night the stone-man tries to kill a beggar sleeping on the roadside but is saved by Kedar and some patrolling policemen. Sanjay and his car is spotted by Kedar. Sanjay finds that his investigation house has been visited by the stone-man as he sees vermilion spread everywhere in the room.
Sanjay contemplates a possible danger to his wife and asks her to leave for her village. He rushes to the station to get her rail ticket where he encounters the stone-man. Before he can catch him, Kedar shoots him in the thigh, thinking him to be the killer. Sanjay escapes and the incident brings him closer to his wife. He suspects the killer to be a policeman who is a tribal performing an impotency ritual and asks his trusted cop Kamble (Virendra Saxena) to tell this to AIG Satam along with evidence.In the climax it is shown that Mohammed was a man deployed by Kedar and Kamble turns out to be the killer stone-man when Sanjay asks tells him the stoneman wears shoes similar to police officers of crime unit and is a tribal.Kamble attacks Sanjay with a stone about to commit his ninth and last murder,but both are saved by the police(Kedar and associates). In a trap laid by the police in the hospital, when Kamble sneaks in to kill Sanjay, he is nabbed and the matter is closed. Satam does not want the case to be revealed to the public and the media and wants it to be hushed up since it involved a cop from his own team. Kamble is shot in an encounter dead and buried in the jungle by Sanjay on the order of Satam. In the end it is shown that in Kamble's village, a covered man with a voice similar to Satam is performing a ritual and asks a person to give him nine offerings of humans and this time to kill people in Calcutta.The story ends with showing killings in bombay and calcutta in 1983 and 1987 serial killing in credits. Sanjay is shown to be old in the present day settled with his wife and daughter.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Roshan (Abhishek Bachchan) accompanies his dying grandmother Annapurna (Waheeda Rahman) to their ancestral property in Old Delhi. Roshan is initially stunned by the mad rush of neighbours: Ali Baig (Rishi Kapoor) the renaissance man, feuding brothers Madangopal (Om Puri) and Jaigopal (Pavan Malhotra), their wives and families, Mamdu (Deepak Dobriyal) the halwai, Gobar (Atul Kulkarni) the simpleton, Sethji and many others. Roshan eventually warms to the place and wholeheartedly embraces the sense of community. He accompanies his grandmother to the Ramleelas, hangs out at Mamdu's sweet stall, plays with the children, and gradually becomes steeped in the culture.
Roshan is also slowly exposed to some sobering realities. When Annapurna faints (due to fluctuating blood sugar levels) and they scramble to get her to a hospital, he finds the roads choked by traffic because of an impromptu ceremony around a cow in labour; he is further surprised when his grandmother, despite her stupor, stumbles forth to seek the blessings of a sacred cow; and he is astounded when the local police seem to encourage the practice. Roshan begins to understand the feuds and social issues in the community. Madangopal's sister Rama (Aditi Rao Hydari) is unwed (at an age when spinsterhood is a significant social no-no) and Jaigopal's electrical business is going nowhere. The lecherous old local money lender Lala Bhairam (Prem Chopra) is married to a young woman Shashi (Geeta Bisht) who, in turn, is having an affair with a young photo-studio hand Suresh (Cyrus Sahukar). Suresh is a double timer who is also pursuing Madangopal's daughter Bittu (Sonam Kapoor). Bittu secretly wants out of the stuck-in-time Old Delhi; she secretly prepares to audition for a popular reality show Indian Idol in the hope that she will win her way to Mumbai. Roshan comes to appreciate Ali Baig's cosmopolitan tastes and is surprised to learn that he fancied his mother many years ago and has since never married. And Roshan comes to empathise with the lower-caste trash collector girl Jalebi (Divya Dutta) who must endure untouchability at social functions except for when some of the brutish locals seek company. Roshan crosses paths with the loutish inspector Ranvijay (Vijay Raaz) who blithely stretches his authorities to manhandle the locals and becomes acquainted with the assembly-woman who displays political power at every opportunity.
In the meantime, the news media is all abuzz with tales of a fearsome terror known only as the "Kala Bandar" (The Black Monkey). This miscreant (never shown clearly in the film) attacks people, steals and has caused the death of a few innocent people. (These deaths are mostly accidental, as in the example of a pregnant housewife who was supposedly startled by a silhouette and fell down a flight of stairs or the unfortunate man who was briefly zapped by a live electric wire.) Nonetheless, the local news picks up on every move by the kala bandar and loudly blares about all his exploits. Jaigopal, the self-proclaimed electronics genius, theorises that the kala bandar likely has an electrical circuit (to zap his victims) and may be electrocuted by water; this rumour is quickly propagated.
The film takes several turns. After some initial friction, Roshan and Bittu warm to each other. Roshan intervenes when Bittu is about to receive a prospective suitor arranged by Madangopal. He echoes Bittu's desire to pursue other dreams; this drives the suitor away and brings Madangopal's wrath upon him. He gradually begins to fall in love with her but is confused when Bittu expresses her affections for Suresh (she believes he will support her dreams). Around this time, the kala bandar attacks Old Delhi. The locals bring in a tantrik Shani baba (Akhilendra Mishra) to exorcise the demonic influence of the kala bandar. After an extended havan ceremony, the tantrik baba, clearly an self-aggrandizing actor who dislikes the inter-religious equality practised in the community, speculates that the local mosque must have been built over the ruins of a temple that was demolished for the purpose. He thus initiates a vicious cycle of animosity in the previously harmonious Hindu-Muslim community. After the initial peaceful demonstrations (by rallies and angry meetings), a mob goes on rampage and attacks some of the Muslims and their shops. This prompts one Muslim shop-owner, Mamdu, to set fire to the tree temple. Roshan attempts to make peace but is rebuffed because of his mixed religious parentage. The locals ultimately settle on the fact that the kala bandar is hiding out in the sooni galli (a dark lane known to harbour evil presences) and must be destroyed. They command the simpleton Gobar to fetch a lock of hair from the evil enemy so that the tantrik can burn it and complete the exorcism.
Roshan becomes aware of Bittu's plan to elope with Suresh and that Suresh is a low-life two timer. He dons a monkey mask and outfit and stealthily follows Bittu by leaping across the rooftops. In the meantime Gobar ventures into the sooni galli where Jalebi gives him a lock of her hair so he may return in triumph and bring peace to the community. At that moment, Roshan (in his monkey outfit) intercedes in Bittu and Suresh's rendezvous and causes the cowardly Suresh to flee. Bittu raises a loud alarm before Roshan unmasks himself, Roshan tells Bittu he loves her where she also responds to his feelings, the two share a hug, whereupon the angry locals storm the place. Believing Roshan to be the kala bandar, they beat him to within an inch of his life and Mamdu shoots him. Then, Gobar comes up with a startling deduction about the reality of the kala bandar; that the kala bandar is in fact the vices residing inside the people of Delhi 6 and something that the people must defeat within themselves. In the end the neighborhood realizes this and helps Roshan to reach a hospital with the help of an ambulance. But while on the way, Roshan does not respond to the treatment leaving people to believe that he died. In the meanwhile Roshan meets his grandfather (after his death) in the terrace of a building in Delhi. Roshan's grandfather (Amitabh Bachchan) reveals that there is a Kala Bandar in his own heart and that is why he wanted to ask forgiveness to his daughter, Roshan's mother, for not accepting her inter-religious marriage. After that he said he will meet him once again. At that point, Roshan responds to his treatment and everyone is happy that he is not dead. The film ends with Roshan understanding the diversity of Delhi 6.
During the end credits, the important characters appears before the mirror and reveal their emotions during their days in Delhi 6.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Manohar moves into a new apartment, 13B, on the 13th floor with his family, fulfilling his life's biggest dream. But they encounter a series of small but strange incidents (such as milk getting spoiled), which are regarded as inauspicious by his family but shrugged off by an excited Manohar. The elevator in the apartment works for everyone in the building except Manohar, which bothers him.
The women in the family get hooked onto a new TV show Yavarum Nalam (Everyone Is Well, or Sab Khairiyat in Hindi). The show is about a family eerily similar to Manohar's who have also just moved into a new house like they have. As the serial unfolds, Manohar notices that the incidents that happen in the serial are a reflection of what is happening to his family. Things like his sister graduating, his wife getting pregnant and later suffering a miscarriage are all also shown in the serial. Priya is saved by their longtime family friend and doctor, Dr. Balu. The rest of the family remains oblivious to the similarities and Manohar prefers it that way to avoid panic. He also notices that his camera takes distorted pictures of him while he is in the apartment, but not while he is outside the apartment.
Things start taking a turn for the worse in the serial and Manohar becomes terrified that the same might happen to his family. He now wants to know who is behind the making of the TV show. He then unravels a terrifying secret: the apartment they live in shared their address with a house where a family of eight was butchered back in 1977. It was the family of a TV news anchor named Chitra. On the day of Chitra's engagement, an ardent fan (Shriram Shinde in the 13B version) of Chitra wanted to stop the engagement and failed in doing so. Disheartened, he committed suicide. Subsequently, all members of Chitra's family were murdered with a hammer in a single day. The blame rested on the lunatic brother in the family, as he had been seen with the hammer last. The police officer investigating the case also committed suicide by hanging himself in the same house.
Manohar and his policeman friend Shiva meet the madman brother Senthil, who apparently goes crazy after seeing the TV show in an asylum. They then meet Chitra's former fiance Ramchandar, who tried to plead for Senthil's innocence because he got covered in blood while he hugged the bodies of his family. After researching one night, Manohar has a nightmare of the 13B murderer climbing the stairs to kill his family. When Manohar tries to climb the stairs, he always ends up on the 2nd floor. He goes to the hall and witnesses the climax of Yavarum Nalam when they are showing the murderer's identity: Manohar's face is shown as the killer.
What follows is the climax: the 13B murderer is Dr. Balu, who sees the family members' faces as the serial family members. It was he who killed them in the 1970s on behalf of his brother, the spurned fan, and also killed the police officer who caught him red-handed. Manohar kills Dr. Balu.
The story ends with Manohar living a normal life with a new dog in the family; the milk is not getting spoiled anymore. They bring Senthil home and the lift in the apartment finally works for Manohar. Next day,when Manohar uses the lift,he receives a call from Dr Balu, who says that while the 13B family haunts the TV, he haunts Manohar's phone. Finally the lift falls and Manohar plunges to his death.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in Mumbai, the film starts with Raj (Paresh Rawal), a good-for-nothing movie director who has released certain films, but none of them ever do well at the box office. He gets threatened by his landlords that if he does not pay them on time, he will be homeless. While chartered accountant Anand (Kunal Khemu) tries to cheer up his girlfriend Neha (Soha Ali Khan) on her birthday. Neha is another useless wannabe actress who Anand takes to a 5-star restaurant for her birthday. Raj meets Ratan (Asrani) at the restaurant. Ratan is the manager of famous Bollywood actor Aryan Kapoor (Sonu Sood), and Raj has come to see Ratan to sign a movie deal with Aryan.
Raj and Ratan buy as much food as they can, and put the bill on Anand, who can not pay for it all that is why he is sent to jail. When he comes out, Anand is eager for revenge, and sees Raj shoplifting. Raj goes over to Aryan and Ratan, and right when he gets the movie contract papers out, Inspector Avtar Gill shows up and arrests Raj for shoplifting, which was recorded by Anand. Raj escapes from jail only to get his movie deal signed, and when Raj is attacked, he is saved by Anand. Anand and Raj come up with a movie plan together, to put money on the movie, ONLY if it is a flop, but if it is a hit, then that's their loss. They collect a lot of money and pretend to be rich and wealthy men to show off in front of Aryan, who signs the papers, and gets in the movie. Anand and Raj have to try to make the movie as bad as they can to get their share on money, but they don't know that each of them has a different plan.
They borrow money from Assassins, who make a deal, if the movie flops then the Assassins will be pleased, but if it is a hit they will get murdered. They use Neha for the actress role, because Anand knows that with Neha in the film if would definitely be a flop. While the movie is filming, they tell Asharraff (Johnny Lever) to be the writer, who mixes up Sholay, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Gadar, and Lagaan (in that order). At the premier, the film is declared as a "hit" and the assassins get ready to kill them both. When Raj is about to escape with the money, he finds that Anand has already looted all the money. Both on the run, meet each other while looking for a hiding place, and both decide there is no better place to hide than Jail itself. The two run in jail for making a fraud film and looting money. Once they come out of jail, the two embrace friendship, and Neha finally marries to Anand, the two get married and Raj and Anand get thinking about creating a real movie.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film revolves around an NRI couple, desperate to have a biological child. The couple host a party to celebrate Holi, with Indian and American guests. The plot deals with the events happening further.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Veeru (Kunal Khemu) is a small-time crook working for a large drug importer, Tejpal (Arbaaz Khan). He is unaware that his best friend Jai (Fardeen Khan) is an undercover cop, seeking evidence against Tejpal. During a raid on Tejpal's warehouse, Veeru accidentally shoots Jai in the head but he miraculously survives and makes a full recovery. Veeru then flees the state, and is subsequently arrested. Jai is assigned the task of returning Veeru to testify against Tejpal. They confront each other, and seem to find their friendship still exists. They both decide to be friends again, when Veeru claims he has Tejpal's diary, which includes all his secrets and whereabouts. When they go to catch him, Tejpal shoots Veeru, while Jai attacks Tejpal and kills him. By the time the police get there, Jai has already let Veeru flee, and Jai is arrested for what he has done. Since then, lives on the friendship of "Jai Veeru".
-----------------------------------------------------------
Xerxes, 'Little Zizou' as he is known, is an eleven-year-old soccer-crazy Parsi boy whose fervent wish is that his idol, Zinedine Zidane, visit Mumbai. His older brother Artaxerxes, or Art, is a talented artist whose wild fantasies come to life in surprising ways. Their father Khodaiji is a self-proclaimed protector-of-the-faith who thrives on the attentions (and donations) of hopeful believers.
Art burns with unrequited love for the daughter of Khodaiji's arch rival, Pressvala, a free thinking newspaper publisher. And to the extreme displeasure of their other daughter, Xerxes adores the maternal Mrs Pressvala. But the real fireworks begin when Pressvala writes a scathing critique of Khodaiji and public reaction is widespread. As the two households fight, life becomes complicated. Liana ( the younger daughter), finally lets Xerxes be his friend. Khodaiji shuts down Presswala's office. Presswala gets a heart attack. Will Khodaiji reform his ways? Will Pressvala let Art be Zenobe's ( the older daughter)? This is what forms the rest of the story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Aloo Chaat is the story of Nikhil (Aftab Shivdasani) who returns to his Punjabi household in Lajpat Nagar, Delhi from America after completing his education. His family consists of his orthodox father Purushottam (Kulbhushan Kharbanda), his grandmother Beeji (Dolly Ahluwalia), his confused mother Seeto (Meenakshi Sethi) and an always suspicious uncle Chhadami Mama (Sanjai Mishra). Nikhil refuses to marry any girl his parents show him, which has them worried about their son's orientation. In reality, Nikhil is in love with Aamna (Aamna Sharif), a Muslim girl living in America.
Nikhil knows that his orthodox father will never allow him to marry a girl from another religion. With the help of a family friend who is a sexologist by occupation Hakim (Manoj Pahwa), he devises a plan of telling his father that he wants to marry an American girl Nikki (Linda Arsenio) who is hired by them with the help of a celebrity singer Sukha Paji who happens to be a patient of Hakim. This way they will introduce both Nikki and Aamna to the house. On one hand Nikki will exhibit all bad qualities and on the other Aamna will show all her good habits and thus impress his family. They then try many things to make Nikhil's family be impressed by Aamna.
But things go haywire when Chhadami Mama starts suspecting them. Thus starts a comedy of errors woven in a love story. Things become just as spicy as aloo chaat.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Set in today’s Mumbai, Barah Aana revolves around three friends: Shukla, a driver, Yadav, a watchman, and Aman, a waiter. Shukla is an older man, stoic and steady. Yadav, in his 30s, is meek and something of a pushover at work, but exhibits an underlying mischievous nature. Aman, on the other hand, is young, dynamic, and ambitious. In typical Mumbai fashion, the three are roommates, and the clash of their personalities regularly results in humorous, tongue-in-cheek banter.
Things take a turn when the watchman becomes prey to misfortune; a series of chance events results in him stumbling on to a crime. The discovery changes his perspective, boosting his self-confidence enough to make him think that he had found a new, low-risk way to make money. He then tries to sell the idea to his roommates, to get them to join him in executing a series of such crimes.
As they get more and more mired in the spiral of events that follow, the three characters go through several changes as they are pushed more and more against the wall.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Firaaq follows the life of several ordinary people, some who were victims, some silent observers, and some perpetrators one month after the 2002 violence in Gujarat. It focuses on how their lives are affected and (irrevocably) changed.
The story is set over a 24-hour period, one month after a carnage that took place in Gujarat, India in 2002. This sectarian violence killed more than 900 Muslims and 300+ hindus, hundreds of thousands were made homeless and the number of women raped is still unknown.
Khan Saheb (Naseeruddin Shah) is an elderly Muslim classical vocalist, who remains blissfully optimistic of the situation happening around him. His servant, Karim Mian (Raghubir Yadav), tries to alert him to the problems the Muslim community is facing, but Khan Saheb only realises the extent of the trauma upon seeing the destruction of a shrine dedicated to the Sufi saint, Wali Gujarati. A middle-age Hindu housewife, Aarti (Deepti Naval), is traumatised because she did not help a Muslim woman being chased by a mob and finds a way to atone for her sins upon finding Mohsin, a Muslim orphan who wanders the city in search for his family. Meanwhile her husband, Sanjay (Paresh Rawal), and his brother, Deven (Dilip Joshi), try to bribe police officers to prevent Deven's arrest for gang-rape. Muneera (Shahana Goswami) and her husband Hanif (Nawazuddin Siddiqui), are a young Muslim couple who return home only to find it looted and burnt. Muneera struggles to relate to her Hindu neighbour Jyoti (Amruta Subash) in the following days, as she suspects her for taking part in the looting. Hanif, along with several other Muslim men, plan to retaliate against the violence and their helplessness by searching for a gun to exact revenge. Sameer (Sanjay Suri) Shaikh and Anuradha Desai (Tisca Chopra) are a wealthy, interreligious couple, whose store was burnt during the carnage. They decide to move to Delhi to escape the violence and Sameer comes into conflict with his wife's family over expressing his identity as a Muslim in India.
Through these characters we experience the consequences of violence that impact their inner and outer lives. Violence spares nobody. Yet in the midst of all this madness, some find it in their hearts to sing hopeful songs for better times.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the midst of central London, a successful Indian restaurant called 'Gaylord' is run by a Londoner of Indian origin called Pinu Patel (Vinay Pathak) . A simple soul at heart, Pinu has many complexes - a special one being that even at the age of 40, he is a virgin and has never experienced intimacy with any woman. He agrees to come to India to have an arranged marriage with Payal (Snigdha Pandey), but is crest fallen when his fiancee elopes on the wedding day, leaving a note behind ridiculing Pinu and his personality. This fuels Pinu's biggest fear of being laughed at by people... an ever-repeating phenomenon with him. Pinu is quite an introvert and has no real friends...the closest he has ever gotten to a friendship is with his foster brother Rajat (Siddharth Makkar), who is quite a contrast to his own personality. A casual air about him, he is the lead singer of a rock band. Rajat is very fond of Pinu, though is often a source of annoyance to him as he finds Pinu really funny.
One day, a young Indian fellow called Kamlesh comes to his restaurant and asks for a job as a stand-up comedian. Quite thrown off, Pinu initially refuses but finally lets him join as a cook, who also does a stand-up act in the evenings. On the same day, he hires a new cashier - Renu (Gul Panag), a young art student from India, who has a passion for caricatures. Life changes dramatically for Pinu as his restaurant Gaylord begins to transform... Renu works on the get-up of the place, makes cheerful caricatures for customers while Kamlesh is a fabulous cook with a great talent for making people laugh in his acts. Soon, the restaurant is more happening and the business is much better than before. But the greatest difference Kamlesh and Renu bring to his life is friendship. There is a visible difference in Pinu's personality now as he lets himself hang out a bit with them.
One fine day, Pinu is thrown into a daze as he walks away from the restaurant ...he has discovered a totally new fear that he might be gay.
On a mission now, Pinu goes on a rampage seeking available women for a sexual rendezvous. However, it leads to him suffering another string of tragicomic situations, ending up feeling humiliated. He gets engaged to Priyanka and the marriage is fixed. Then after Rajat explains to him that love is the essence of life, Pinu realizes that he loves Renu. On the day of the wedding with Priyanka, Pinu with the help of Rajat and Kamlesh, stops the marriage and Pinu runs away to meet Renu and propose to her for marriage, which she gladly accepts. The film ends on a happy note and finally Pinu gets happily married to his love.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ray Acharya (Neil Nitin Mukesh), a struggling photographer has nothing going for him… until he inherits a very 'special' camera from his grandfather who was a scientist. Then his life changes in a way that he could not have imagined in his wildest dreams.
The photographs produced by the camera predict the future. Ray uses the camera to obtain winning lottery numbers, winning horses, and also stock prices. His life becomes one big roller coaster ride that takes him from rags to riches and also helps him meet the love of his life, Simi (Bipasha Basu), a DJ with a mind of her own.
However Captain (Rahul Dev) finds out and chases Ray to get the camera for himself. Security authorities also chase Ray as they are aware that Ray's grandfather was trying to create a camera that can predict the future. The chase leads them to Bangkok where the climax unfolds.
-----------------------------------------------------------
99 is an original story inspired by real events. It is the story of two men in two cities who are bound by a common feeling of always being stuck at 99. They never seem to make it to a 'century' in life. The plot involves small-time crooks, conspiracies, car crashes, a briefcase full of money and a historical controversy brewing in the background.
The film is set in 1999 and showcases events that happened during that time, mainly revolving around the controversial India-South Africa cricket betting scandal.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Nandu (Bobby Deol) an orphan turned assassin somehow gets wrongly accused of a politician's murder and is on the run. On his escapade on a train he meets Puran (Akshay Kapoor), who is homebound after fourteen years, they get chatting and Nandu finds all about his joint family and the wedding of Puran's sister that he is going to attend.
However the police catch up with Nandu on the train and shoot at him but Puran gets hit accidentally and dies on the spot. Nandu goes to Puran's family home in his village to return his grandfathers watch and also to break the news of his grandson's death to him. However it turns out that Puran's family mistakes Nandu for Puran and makes him a part of the celebration at home. He thinks that it is his responsibility to fulfill the deeds the Puran had to fulfill.
Preet (Shriya Saran), who is the daughter of Puran's grandfather's friend is in awe of Nandu and falls in love with him. CBI Inspector Rane (Nana Patekar), is given the responsibility of tracking down the killer and is after Nandu.
At the end, Nandu realizes that his friend Shekar (Pradeep Kharab) is behind everything. He has a tape of his innocence and gives it to Inspector Rane. He then goes back to Puran's family and lives with them.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jai Puri (Akshay Kumar) is a forest ranger in the woods near Alberta, Canada. Jai lives in a cabin with his girlfriend Sheila (Ayesha Takia Azmi), but has been estranged from his parents, Bhalla (Benjamin Gilani) and Savitri Fakri (Sharmila Tagore). Jatin is the CEO of a privately held Canadian oil company, Canoil.
Jai has a supernatural gift: he is able to enter a photograph and vividly experience the events preceding the time of the photograph. Jai is unable to understand or explain this gift, except to recall that it started when he was very young. He tries to use this gift to help people, despite the risks to his own body. He can remain in photographs only for a minute, and experiences life-threatening, stroke-like effects afterward.
Jai's father drowns in a boating accident under mysterious circumstances. Jatin was aboard his own boat, the Golmaal, and was surrounded by his wife; his brother, Sunder (Anant Mahadevan); longtime friend and lawyer Anil (Girish Karnad); and Adit (Rushad Rana), Jatin's surrogate son. Eccentric former cop Hapibulla "Happi" Pasha (Jaaved Jaaferi), who suffers from OCD, believes Jatin may have been murdered, and that everyone on the boat at that time may have had a motive. The only clue is an 8x10 photograph of the four men, which Savitri shot a few moments before Jatin fell off the boat and had a hypothermia-induced heart attack.
Jai repeatedly uses his gift to enter the photo and experience the incident through the eyes of the four subjects in it. He picks up various clues from the viewpoint of the subject. Happi follows up on these clues and tries to string together a theory. But Jai feels his body gradually weakening from the stress of entering the photo. Sunder is found hanged, an apparent suicide, and a mysterious party in a black SUV tries to kill Jai and Sheila. Later, someone makes an attempt on Savitri's life. Happi enlists the help of a nurse, Sally (Pia Shah), who helps with medical aide to Jai in order to help him find the killer.
Jai enters the photo one last time to find the final set of clues, and is set upon by his now-grown twin, Jeet (also Akshay Kumar) who had been presumed dead but had survived the fall from the cliff to live a hellish and abusive childhood.After Jeet reveals himself,Sheila is shown to have been working with Jeet,betraying her "love" Jai.During a tussle, Happi arrives at Jai's cabin and tries to help, but Sheila kills him with an axe. Jeet and Sheila dump Happi's body, as well as that of their betrayed confederate Adit, into the sea, and attempt to do the same with Jai. Jai escapes, and attempts to reconcile with his long-lost brother. Touched, Jeet kills Sheila as she fires on Jai, but her shot kills Jeet. At the end, Jai moves in with his mother.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tito (Arshad Warsi) and Tony (Rajpal Yadav) are two conmen who run into and fall in love with two sisters, Payal (Anita) and Gehna (Tusha). The girls have run away from their home and uncle, Vikramaditya (Govind Namdeo). Meanwhile, small-time don Jagat Dada (also played by Govind Namdeo) enlists the help of Tito-Tony to steal a treasure map from a police station. Tito-Tony accomplish the task but, instead of giving Jagat the real map, they hand him a fake copy forged by Mamu (Razak Khan), So, while Jagat and his men so in a futile search for the treasure, Tito-Tony go after the real one, which is in Vikramaditya's house. Soon, Jagat realizes that he has been conned, and also becomes aware that he looks like Vikramaditya. Since Vikramaditya is away from home, Jagat Dada goes into his house pretending to be Vikramaditya. The chase for the fortune begins in earnest and after the mandatory mix-ups; the police come and arrest Jagat Dada and his men.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sikandar Raza (Parzan Dastur) is a 14-year-old schoolboy in the Kashmir valley. Ever since his parents were killed by jihadis (from Azad Kashmir) (militants) 10 years ago, he has lived with his aunt and uncle, in a small town called Kupwara in Kashmir valley. All Sikandar’s desires revolve around the happiness of his foster parents and getting the ball into the goal on the football field.
One day, on his way to a school football match, Sikandar finds a gun lying on the path. Despite admonishments by his newly made school friend, 14-year-old Nasreen (Ayesha Kapoor), Sikandar picks up the gun and begins a journey into the darker side of his nature. The quiet-yet-strong Nasreen becomes Sikandar’s conscience keeper. She tries to dissuade him from giving in to the lure of the gun.
Sikandar gets embroiled further and further in situations beyond his control, and people get killed. At first it seems that the happenings occurring alongside Sikandar’s predicament are not connected. But, as layer upon layer is revealed, it becomes clear that Sikandar is the innocent victim in a game being played out between the militants, the army, the peace-bartering politicians and the religious heads of the little Kashmiri town. The pieces of the puzzle come together at the very end, leading to a shocking revelation. The movie is a portrayal of how child psychologies can be moulded, how terrorists are made. "Bholi bhaali rahne do" by Prasoon Joshi wonderfully sums up the movie.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vijay Verma (Saif Ali Khan) is a rich and selfish playboy who enjoys playing with women by giving a fake name to every girl. His friend, Gopal, (Atul Agnihotri) tells him several times to stop this act otherwise he will regret it. One day, Vijay meets a lovely tourist, Seema (Pooja Bhatt) and falls in love with her after a few meetings. During a separation, Seema sends Vijay a letter about her father agreeing to marriage with Vijay. He replies saying that he will leave immediately to get to her place. This is when the narrative introduces a shocking heel turn. Seema's father arrives at the airport and is greeted by his future son-in-law, and, shortly after, Seema's marriage ceremony takes place. After the marriage, Seema finds out that the person who has married her is none other than Gopal and she was tricked into marriage with him; when he knew that Vijay loved her too. Seema and her unexpected new spouse turn up at Vijay's home, and it's frustrating then to see Vijay quietly take the abuse doled out by the two-faced husband. Lots of yearning glances exchanged between Vijay and Seema, lots of smirking by the husband. It's a revenge tale, of course. There's a reason Seema got tricked into wedlock.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Nihal Singh (Jackky Bhagnani) is a teen from Chandigarh who loves to build complicated gadgets to learn what it is behind science. He has a brilliant mind and dreams of studying at an elite science institute. When he is accepted into his dream college in Mumbai, he discovers college is a whole new world, new people and new challenges. At school Nihal is attracted to Meesha (Vaishali Desai), a proud, rude brat. She cannot accept that Nihal is managing to charm everyone his way including Professor Siddarth Verma (Rishi Kapoor), the professor of the college.
Nihal starts to get visions of Meesha being in danger. He saves her life and his secret is revealed that he can see the future. After this incident, love blossoms between Nihal and Meesha. Meanwhile, media exposure results in attention from anti-social elements, including an explosion at a mall. Nihal sees the explosion before it takes place and manages to rescue most people. It turns out one of Nihal's friend is behind the attack. Despite seeing the bomber, he keeps quiet and doesn't tell the police department. He strengthens up and decides to fight the attacker himself.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A group of children with the help of a beggar try to save some trees from a construction company's intent on cutting them down to make way for new buildings.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Suhani, a passionate young dancer, dreams of being a star her entire life. Fourteen-year-old Aftab, a gifted dancer, has never dreamed, ever. She can see nothing beyond starring in an R.J. Music Video. He can see nothing beyond making a life on the streets. When she sees Aftab's gang dancing on a street corner one night, she has no idea that her dreams are about to change. She's moved by the talent these street kids possess and wants the world to give them their due. But Aftab has no faith in her dreams for them. Will she be able to restore his faith in her? Will she get them the life they deserve, but cannot even dream of?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Three friends - Bhavesh (Shreyas Talpade), Parag (Javed Jaffrey) and Pariksheet (Aashish Chaudhary) live in Pattaya, as paying guests in a house owned by Kiska Miglani (Asrani). Bhavesh works as a chef in a restaurant called Namaste India, owned by Ballu Singh (Johnny Lever). Ballu has a younger brother, Ronnie (Chunky Pandey), who wants ownership the restaurant, because he owes a considerable amount of money to a gangster, Murli (Inder Kumar). Parag is a screen writer for a television channel and Parikshit is a car salesman working for Aarti Gupta (Neha Dhupia). Eventually all three of them lose their jobs. The three friends are later joined by Jayesh (Vatsal Seth) from Mumbai, who is a cousin of Parikshit's, and tells them that an apartment is included if he gets a job at an architecture firm. After getting drunk celebrating Jayesh's arrival, they privately insult Kiska, who arrives back home unexpectedly, hears what they are saying and kicks them out. They go out in search of a place to stay and a friend of Parikshit's suggests paid lodgings. Parikshit and Jayesh go to the home to find its owner is Ballu Singh, to whom they are oblivious of the fact that he is Bhavesh's former employer. Ballu and his wife, Sweety (Delnaaz Paul), agree to let them stay on one condition - they must be married.
Parag poses as Jayesh's wife, Kareena, and Bhavesh as Karishma, Parikshit's wife. Jayesh gets the job and will get the allotment to the flat in fifteen days' time. Ballu Singh and Sweety leave to pick up Sweety's sister, Kalpana (Celina Jaitley). When they arrive home, Jayesh's girlfriend, Alpita (Riya Sen), arrives with them and sees the four friends having (what she believes is) sex. She is instantly outraged at Jayesh and leaves him. Meanwhile, Parag seeks permission to marry Seema from her father (Paintel) and Bhavesh, while wooing Kalpana, finds himself in a situation where Ronnie tries to rape Karishma and in the process of saving Bhavesh, Jayesh nearly drowns him by accident.
While discussing the event with Parag and Parikshit, he discovers the apple he has been eating has half a worm in it, Sweety hears Bhavesh vomit and mistakes him for someone being pregnant. In the meantime, Paintel has agreed that Parag can marry Seema, Aarti has fallen for Parikshit, Kalpana has chosen Bhavesh as her life partner and Jayesh has reconciled with Alpita. The four friends decide that it is time for them to tell Ballu and Sweety the truth. In a shopping centre, an accomplice of Ronnie's sees them and tells Ronnie.
When they come home, they find Ronnie, Ballu Singh and Sweety there, but they do not know that anyone except the villain is there. Ronnie has persuaded Ballu to sign the papers transferring ownership of the restaurant, Bhavesh snatches the papers away and they all end up in a theater showing of Mughal-e-Azam, where they all don various costumes and each make their own humorous attempts to retrieve the documents. Ballu gets back the restaurant and forgives them on one condition - they give them the dream of a small child in the house, which they gladly set out to do.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the United States in 2008, the FBI arrest Omar Aijaz (Neil Nitin Mukesh) after finding guns in the trunk of a taxi cab he owned. Omar, a young Muslim man originally from Delhi, is then taken into custody and interrogated by FBI Agent Roshan (Irrfan Khan), also a Muslim man originally from South Asia who has been living in the United States for twenty years. Omar then discovers that he was set up by the FBI in order to force him to spy on a former college friend, Sameer Shaikh (John Abraham), whom he has not seen in seven years and who the FBI believes is a terrorist. In the process, Omar discovers that Sam has married Maya (Katrina Kaif), a mutual friend whom Omar had a crush on in university and finds out that Sameer and Maya have a young son, Danyal (Aidan Wagner).
Roshan orders Omar to tell him everything he knows about Sameer. The film then flashes back to September 1999, when Omar begins his studies at the New York State University. He is befriended by his international student counselor Maya and learns that though she was born and raised in New York, she is fluent in Hindi because of her mother's interest in Bollywood films. Omar also meets Sam, another Indian American who is also Muslim and fluent in Hindi due to the fact that his father is a professor of Indian studies. Over the next two years, all three become inseparable friends and gradually Omar falls in love with Maya. When Omar realises that she loves Sam, however, he distances himself from them both. Their carefree days finally end with the onset of 9/11.
After finishing his story, Omar agrees to help Roshan (rather reluctantly), if only to prove that both he and Sam are innocent. He reunites with Maya and Sam and stays in their house, all the while spying for the FBI. Omar learns that Maya is a civil rights activist who is helping one of Sam's employees, Zilgai (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) overcome his experience as a former 9/11 detainee. Zilgai was eventually released due to lack of evidence and has been having difficulty adjusting back to "normal" life.
As time progresses, Omar feels satisfied that he can find nothing to warrant the FBI's suspicions and is ready to leave when a series of events forces him to reconsider. In the process, Omar learns from Sam that ten days after 9/11, Sam was arrested and detained for a period of nine months as a suspected terrorist, a charge which everyone, including the FBI and Roshan, now agree was incorrect. Though he was eventually released due to lack of evidence, the impact of being detained and tortured permanently changed Sam in ways which are difficult for those surrounding him to understand, leaving him with feelings of deep resentment towards the FBI. Omar thus finds that Sam ultimately resorted to plans for terrorism as a means of revenge.
In addition, Maya is unable to help Zilgai resolve the trauma of being a detainee. After a routine traffic stop escalates and an NYPD police officer gives Maya a very rough full-body search, Zilgai becomes agitated. He drops Maya at her home and eventually kills the police officer the same night. After being declared a fugitive, Zilgai leads the police on a long chase ultimately ending in his suicide.
The climax of the film rests upon the attempts of Maya, Omar, and Roshan to prevent Sam from committing an act of terrorism by telling him that if he perpetuates towards terrorism, others will suffer as he has. Finally convinced, Sam surrenders and aborts his attempt to bomb the FBI building. However, the moment he drops his cell-phone (which was originally intended as a detonator for the bomb) he is shot and killed by FBI snipers. The cell phone falls benign to the ground without activating anything. Maya, who was running toward Sam, is also killed by stray gunfire and Omar, bereft of speech, breaks down. Six months later, he is later comforted by Roshan who explains to him that; everybody was right in their place, but the timing was wrong. As for Sam, the path he chose killed him. Everybody has moved on after 9/11, as its high time. Omar has adopted Danyal, and Roshan has received commendation for aiding in the anti-terrorism cause. They reconcile each other. The film ends with all three of them going out for pasta and a side note describing the after effects of 9/11.
-----------------------------------------------------------
When Hollywood stuntman Viraj Shahriyan (Akshay Kumar) and medical student Simrita Rai (Kareena Kapoor) come across each other at his brother Lucky's (Aftab Shivdasani) and her best friend Kamini's (Amrita Arora) hastily planned wedding ceremony, they instantly develop a dislike for each other. They both have a very low opinion of the opposite sex, and staunchly believe marriage is not the way to go for the two newlyweds, whom they try to discourage from proceeding further.
Simrita convinces Kamini to test out her theory that men are after only one thing, by forcing Lucky to delay their marriage vows for three months. She is sure, Lucky will not be able to do so and this will prove to Kamini that Lucky is just another low-class male, like all others, and her claims of him being different than most men are unfounded. Viraj, upon hearing about this new development, tries to do the exact opposite. This results in a hilarious scene at a local disco bar, where Viraj lures Kamini with the hope of her finding Lucky with a "girlfriend" that he has planted in the lap of Lucky in order to make Kamini jealous. The plan backfires and Kamini and Lucky end up in divorce court where the judge puts them on a three-month probation and marriage counselling. Simrita keeps on telling Kamini that all men are the same and that all they want is sex. Lucky tries to make love with Kamini but she never lets him come near her.
Meanwhile, Simrita and Viraj keep bumping into each other when they both travel to Italy independently; the former to make some quick cash as a model to pay her medical bills, and the latter, with Lucky, to chill out and take a vacation from all of the marital stress Lucky has been facing back home. Upon returning home, Simrita is given a watch pendant by her Dolly Aunty (Kirron Kher) to wear as a good luck charm. The pendant hangs from a bracelet on her wrist. Viraj gets seriously hurt in an accident at work and is brought for emergency surgery to the hospital where Simrita is an intern. Much to each other's irritation, Simrita is given the charge to perform surgery on Viraj. After the surgery, while looking at the X-rays, she is horrified to discover that the watch on her wrist has accidentally ended up in Viraj's stomach.
Simrita tries various ways of getting the watch out. During one such process, which fails, it becomes clear that Simrita is bitter about her perceived unfaithfulness of the two most prominent men from her childhood: her divorced father and her elder sister's ex-husband. By this time, Viraj is secretly beginning to fall in love with Simrita. Several days later, Simrita is successful in removing the watch from Viraj's stomach. Following the surgery, Viraj overhears the truth and leaves. Several days later, he proposes to Denise Richards in an attempt to forget about Simrita. Upon realising her mistake, Simrita helps Lucky and Kamini reconcile and decides to confess her love for Viraj at the wedding ceremony. At first, Denise is upset but then tells Viraj to go to Simrita. The two embrace and go off together in the car sharing a few passionate kisses.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Guru (Kay Kay Menon) and Ganpat (Dilip Prabhavalkar) are small-time car thieves. One night, they steal a Mercedes Rs. 10 million inside, unaware that the car belongs to a vicious gangster/loan shark called Faujdaar (Anupam Kher). They try to sell the stolen Mercedes to Suleman Supari (Rahul Dev), a hitman, who recognizes the car and notifies his friend Faujdaar. Faujdaar sends his henchman with Guru to get back the cash.
Meanwhile, Ganpat has hidden cash in a safe place. After an accident, he loses his memory. Angered by the chain of events, Faujdaar gives Guru three days to return the money.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story focuses on Shekhar (Akshaye Khanna), who is currently an assistant director, hoping to write and direct his own movie soon. His friend Raju (Arshad Warsi) is a struggling actor who has been waiting for Shekhar to write a film script so he can star in. However, when Shekhar rejects him as the film's hero, Raju decides to steal Shekhar's film script and release the film under his own name. The film is released and turns out to be a blockbuster, leading Raju to stardom. Heartbroken Shekhar, at this time, is left by his girlfriend Mansi (Amrita Rao). Lack of confidence, Shekhar writes a new and better film script and wants to star Raju in it, however when Raju rejects the script, Shekhar decides to film the movie without Raju knowing he is in it. Shekhar and his low-budget film crew follow Raju around everywhere to complete their movie. Eventually, when the movie is finished, it turns out that Raju's role in the film was embarrassing and humiliating, and turns Raju into a box office bomb. Shekhar's film succeeds and he is offered more movies. Raju turns into a flop, and decides to steal someone else's script.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Luck is the story of gambling kingpin Karim Musa (Sanjay Dutt), who is a very lucky person seeing the story of his life. He remained the sole survivor when a mosque collapsed in Maharashtra when he was just a child of nine months and was amongst very few survivors of another incident at the age of 12. When he was 14, he challenged three friends to jump from a four-storied building and remained alive, though with some injuries, and won. He started gambling at 19 and since then tried out his luck in different places of the world and became known as Musa Bhai. To him gambling and drug smuggling have become old ways to get money, his latest interest is investment on people's luck.

Ram Mehra (Imran Khan), is abducted by Lakhan Tamang (Danny Denzongpa), but instead of taking, he gives Ram hundred thousand rupees and explains that Ram is very lucky as Tamang bought lottery tickets for two years without any success until he took tickets from Ram both of which won him two hundred thousand rupees. He then offers Ram 200 million rupees for which Ram has to gamble with him for 20 days. After Ram agrees, Musa Bhai and Tamang create a game, getting people with luck to play, and the luckiest ones win them money.

Later, along with Ram, Tamang hires (Mithun Chakrabarty), who is a soldier as lucky one as he fought inTamang battles and faced numerous bullets none that could kill him. He is in need of money for the operation of his wife Sheila (Roopa Ganguly). Tamang then visits Pakistan where Shortcut (Chitrashi Rawat), a 16-year-old girl, who is also known to be lucky as any camel she rides wins the race and observes her winning one despite her camel's half-broken leg. Tamang pays four lakh rupees to "export" her to South Africa. Tamang then invites the sole-criminal, Raghav Raghuvaran (Ravi Kishan) to the game. Raghav was put in Tihar Jail for raping many women, and also killing them, but when he was hanged, he survived, and since the Indian law doesn't allow one person to be hanged twice, he frees from Tihar Jail.
All competitors arrive in Cape Town. There, Ram meets a girl (Shruti Haasan). Her name is revealed to be Ayesha and Tamang says she took part in the game once before. In their first game, all competitors shoot the person to their right at the same time. All the unlucky ones die, though the lucky ones survive. Later that night, while everyone is eating at a dining table, Raghav goes to Ayesha's room, and starts flirting with her, though Ayesha pays no attention and leaves. The second game is where all of the investments take parachutes and jump off from a helicopter.Some parachutes open while others don't. Among the unlucky is Ayesha whose parachute doesn't open but she is saved by Ram, who developed a liking towards her, and afterwards, they start getting closer. In the third game, everyone is left in a hollow tank with one of everyone's hand locked with handcuffs and in front of them are 300 keys and one each will open the handcuffs and added to their trouble are the sharks that swim around them as they start opening the handcuffs as the tank sinks. Only one dies,but Shortcut is attacked by a shark. The shark bites her leg, but since Ram can't bear to see it, he jumps into the water, and saves the harmed Shortcut (who is then taken to the hospital). Later on, it is revealed that due to her leg, Shortcut will not be taking part in any of the games any more.
Before the fourth and final game, Raghav tries to kill Ayesha, who then runs away to Musa and Tamang, where it is revealed that Ayesha is dead and it is Natasha (her twin-sister) playing, taking Ayesha's character whilst seeking revenge on Musa, for her sister's death. Though Musa finds out about this, and uses her for the game. In the final game, Ram, on whom the bid is the highest ever, has to save Natasha before the train she's tied to hits an oil tanker while Major Singh will help him and Raghav will shoot at Ram and the other survivors try to stop Ram. On the train, Ram starts to fight Raghav, but once Raghav is knocked out on the floor, Ram goes to save Natasha, but Raghav gets up, then interrupted by Major Singh, who to save Natasha and Ram, jumps onto Raghav. However, Raghav pushes Major Singh down to the back of the train, which later explodes. Raghav then goes to Ram, who is currently untying Natasha's hands, though Raghav attacks Ram from the back, but when the oil tank reaches right in front of the train, Ram and Natasha jump off, and Raghav dies. When Ram and Natasha realise what has happened, before they lose hope, Major Singh is seen on the floor getting up, who explains that he jumped off the train a second before his side of the train exploded. The three survivors are then approached by Musa and Tamang, who claim that they won the game and claim two hundred million rupees each.
In the climax, Ram stakes his reward and challenges Musa to a game where two pistols are dug in coal the train's carrying and one has to find one and shoot the other. Musa finds both but hands one to Ram and both shoot at the same time and hit each other, Ram is shot at the place of his heart and Musa survives as he is hit at his shoulder. Though, it is shown that Ram's heart is at his right side (dextrocardia), very rare for a human, rather than left and eventually wins back his reward. Then, Shortcut's leg is fixed by a prosthesis, Major Singh saves his wife and maintains his title "Lucky Major Jawar Pratap Singh" and Ram and Natasha get married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jai and Meera are a modern-day couple living in London. They are happy with each other, but do not believe in tying each other down so when career beckons, they have a mutual break-up, but remain friends. Meera goes to India, while Jai stays in London, hoping to be called to San Francisco, where working at the Golden Gate Inc. is his dream job. Jai begins to date a blonde named Jo, while Meera returns the feelings of her boss, Vikram. The couple believes they have moved on.
Running simultaneously, but set in the past, is the tale of Veer Singh. A great believer of love, the Sikh narrates his love story to Jai to try to convince him not to let Meera go from his life. He explains how he fell for a girl named Harleen. Jai ridicules Veer, who vowed to marry Harleen before he had even gotten to talk to her. But, on Veer's insistence, he agrees to pay Meera a surprise visit in India. Meera is stunned, and the two lie to both Jo and Vikram to spend time with each other. They realize how much they still like each other's company. Jai and Jo break up as Jai is unable to reciprocate the deeper feelings that Jo longs for. On the day Jai is to leave, Vikram proposes to Meera. She meets Jai secretly, who tells her she should make a decision. Angry, Meera tells him to leave her life or else she will never be able to really move on. Parallel to this, we find that Harleen has told Veer she was engaged without being told, and he must leave her.
Jai is called to his dream job in San Francisco the same day Meera realizes her marriage is a mistake. She tells Vikram the truth and calls Jai, but he tells her about the Golden Gate. Realizing he is going to San Francisco, she tells him nothing. Meanwhile, Veer declares his intentions of marrying Harleen but is badly beaten by her family.
Jai begins to lose interest in his "dream job," finding that he is not as happy as he thought he would be. He is beaten by some thugs when, while being mugged, he refuses to give them a picture of Meera. He then realizes he still loves her, and goes back to India. He finds Vikram, who informs him that Meera left him. In the past, Veer travels to Harleen's house on the day of her wedding, and convinces her mother that Harleen can only be happy with him. Harleen's mother lets Veer secretly sneak out with her daughter, and the two marry happily. In the present, Jai and Meera have a heart-touching reunion.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A student commits suicide because of extreme anxiety over pressure from his parents to get good grades. The student's empathetic friends enlist the help of a lawyer named Sanjay to speak up against the parents, the government and the school system. The case draws national attention and generates massive public opinion.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Maahi Puri (Sheena Shahabadi) is a 15-year-old girl who is the only child of a high-class family. Kabir (Ruslaan Mumtaz) is a 17-year-old from a lower-middle-class family. As they become friends, they are attracted to each other's lives. Their friendship and intimacy grows day by day. On a camping trip on New Year's Eve, the young couple have sex and Maahi becomes pregnant. Both sets of parents oppose her going through the pregnancy, and the young couple run away together. Maahi refuses to have an abortion. Kabir and Maahi's friends take them to an abandoned cottage, where they stay to protect their unborn child.
The four worried parents have no other choice than to team together and find their children. Kabir's parents overhear his friends talking about where he might be, and go look for them. Meanwhile, Kabir finds a job in construction site then gas delivery to earn money to support his family. Maahi keeps the house clean, makes dinner every day, and secretly sells fruit.
When the parents find the two, the young couple try to flee. Catching up with them, the parents realize they are allies. While all six are traveling together in a bus, Maahi goes into labour. The group takes Maahi to a hospital where she gives birth to a boy.
A lawyer fights the case about teen pregnancy, and Kabir is charged. Having come to agree to the couple's relationship, Maahi's father opposed the lawyer. Kabir is sentenced 3 months' remand.
(This movie is similar to the movie "2 Young" of Hong Kong, starring: Jaycee Chan (Jackie Chan's son) and Fiona Sit.)
-----------------------------------------------------------
Charlie and Guddu are twins who were raised in Mumbai. Charlie lisps while Guddu stutters. Charlie likes to take shortcuts to fulfill his dream of becoming a bookmaker at the racecourse where he works for three criminal brothers who fix races. He is closer to the youngest brother Mikhail than to Guddu, to whom he is hostile. A jockey deceives Charlie when he bets ₹100,000 (US$1,600) on a horse during a fixed race, losing all of his savings. Seeking revenge, Charlie locates the jockey in an upmarket city hotel.
At the same hotel, policemen Lobo and Lele kill three drug dealers and collect a guitar case containing cocaine, which they must deliver to drug lord Tashi. Charlie and his men invade the jockey's hotel room and take all his possessions. The ensuing chase leads to the hotel car park where Lobo and Lele are placing the guitar case in their van. Charlie and his men seize the van to escape from the jockey's men and realise they had stolen a police vehicle, whilst also discovering the cocaine, which Charlie steals to sell. The policemen, upon returning, discover that the cocaine is missing and set out to find Charlie.
Meanwhile, Guddu's lover Sweety, sister of the politician Sunil Bhope, reveals that she is pregnant with Guddu's child and expresses her wish to marry Guddu. They marry later that night. Bhope hears about his sister's actions and sends his men to apprehend the lovers. Bhope's men gatecrash Guddu's wedding and beat him, then realise that he is a migrant from Uttar Pradesh. This enrages Bhope, who orders his men to kill Guddu and return Sweety to his house so he can arrange a marriage for her. Sweety fights off her brother's henchmen and escapes with Guddu.
Charlie tells Mikhail about the cocaine, who is delighted. When Charlie returns to retrieve the case, Bhope and his men are waiting inside the van. One of Bhope's men recognises Guddu as Charlie's twin and Bhope demands that Charlie reveal Guddu's whereabouts. An inebriated Mikhail interrupts their conversation and is killed by Bhope.
On the way to the airport, Guddu realises that Sweety has faked her stutter. At a petrol station, Lobo and Lele notice the pair. Mistaking Guddu for Charlie, they arrest him. They assault Guddu, refusing to believe that he is Charlie's twin brother until Guddu's mobile phone rings; the caller is revealed to be Bhope. Lobo and Lele agree to exchange Charlie for Guddu and Sweety on a train. The policemen take Guddu and Sweety to Bhope's house, where Bhope reveals that a local builder will pay him ₹50 million (US$780,000) to marry Sweety to the builder's son. Guddu bargains with Bhope—if he retrieves the cocaine-filled guitar case for Bhope, he will get Sweety. Bhope sends his henchmen with Guddu to retrieve the guitar case from Charlie's house.
The policemen assault Charlie, who refuses to negotiate, realising that the policemen are in as much trouble as himself. Charlie outwits the policemen, takes them hostage and negotiates with Tashi to exchange the guitar case for ₹1 million (US$16,000). Charlie sends the policemen to deliver the details to Tashi and returns to his house to retrieve the cocaine. At Charlie's house, Guddu arrives with Bhope's men. Sweety hears about Bhope's plans to kill Guddu and shoots at the members of her household. Guddu finds the case and fights Charlie, who lets Guddu go. Guddu takes the cocaine to the police, who bug him. Guddu arrives at Bhope's house the same time as Tashi and his gang, with Charlie as their hostage. Bhope and Tashi negotiate to trade the drugs, but Charlie snatches the guitar case and threatens to destroy it if Guddu and Sweety are not released. The lovers escape as the police arrive, leading to a shooting spree in which the cocaine is destroyed. Charlie's bosses arrive to avenge Mikhail's death, but are killed along with Bhope, Tashi and their henchmen. Charlie is shot and wounded.
Sweety gives birth to Guddu's twins and Charlie opens a bookmaking counter at the racecourse. Charlie is engaged to Sophia, a woman earlier featured in his dream.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Karan (Fardeen Khan) and Bhavesh (Tusshar Kapoor) are close friends living in Cape Town, South Africa. Karan has a good life, with a well-paying job. He is in a comfortable relationship with his beautiful yet childish and pampered girlfriend Sanjana (Genelia D'Souza), who changes her profession every six months, e.g. novel writing to singing to painting, almost always very disastrously (this is something Karan always puts up with, as much as he hates it). Her father (Anupam Kher), who dislikes Karan, always tries to keep her happy and supports her in whatever she does. Bhavesh wishes for an arranged marriage and keeps a diary of all the beautiful things he will do to his wife after marriage. His father Darshan Manibhai Patel (Darshan Jariwala) is a strict autocrat, patriarch and a tough follower of the Gujarati, principles in a foreign land. Jeet (Govinda) does not believe in marriage or love and is a confirmed womaniser. He flirts with every woman he meets and encourages married women into divorcing their spouses so that his living as a divorce lawyer is uncompromised.
Bhavesh's father treats him as young and incapable of marriage, but on his wife's (Shoma Anand) insistence, he travels with his family, along with Karan and Sanjana to Gujarat to find Bhavesh a bride. In Gujarat, they stay at the palatial home of a friend of Bhavesh's father, Vijay Singh Jadeja (Vikram Gokhale). Bhavesh meets some girls, all of whom are unsuitable, and then ends up falling for Prachi (Prachi Desai), Vijay Singh's daughter, when she views Bhavesh's ideals such as not drinking, virginity - as good. He confesses his love for her and they get married. During the wedding rituals, Sanjana says "Yes" to Karan's long-asked question (will she marry him?) and they get married the same night.
The movie then switches to the present, where both couples are at court. The judge declares the divorce between Karan and Sanjana and between Bhavesh and Prachi valid. Outside the court, while they wait for the final papers to arrive, the story again goes back to 6 months earlier, showing what led to the divorces after the weddings, when they came back to Cape Town from India.
After marriage, Karan and Sanjana's family life deteriorates badly, with Karan wanting domestic stability and Sanjana being a horrible home maker, something that is confirmed when she ends up burning down his apartment while "trying" to switch off a washing machine. Karan returns home and is shocked to find his apartment burnt down. He finally loses patience with Sanjana and yells at her, venting his frustration at her stupidity and lack of awareness and also his dislike for her father. Shocked and heartbroken, Sanjana leaves and sends a notice of divorce to him the very next morning through her father's secretary. Karan shouts at him too, and vehemently declares that he will divorce Sanjana, having had enough of her childishness. Jeet, who is present there at the time, supports Karan in his decision.
Bhavesh is happy with Prachi but Prachi is stifled at the old fashioned ideals and many rules of Bhavesh's father, who dislikes and sneers at her for doing so. She, without her father-in-law's knowledge, applies for a job - the very idea of which angers him. Bhavesh, taking sides with his father, slaps her at the same time Prachi's father arrives. While the latter tries to defuse the tension, Bhavesh, bound by his father's old fashioned ideas, is unable to stand by his wife. This unpleasant situation concludes with Prachi divorcing Bhavesh on the spot.
Jeet later changes his lifestyle when he meets Anjali (Amrita Rao in a special appearance), who turns out to be different from all the other girls he has ever met since she does not give up on him at any cost and expresses a genuine desire to marry him. He decides to get married to her, much to Karan and Bhavesh's chagrin. They shout themselves hoarse at him when he tries to justify his getting married, stating that since he had facilitated their divorces, he has no right to get married. However, Jeet, while accepting no responsibility for their decisions, also states that his hatred for love and marriage had manifested in their marriages and caused them to separate from their wives. Karan and Bhavesh finally accept his explanation when he admits that he was wrong in taking a negative view of love and marriage and also says that wives or "life partners" always stood by their husbands in times of joy and sorrow, thus it is never worth it to break up such a relationship for any reason whatsoever.
At Jeet's wedding, Sanjana enters the party, wearing a "bomb", shouting that Jeet was happily getting married when he had caused her divorce. With five minutes left for the bomb to explode, Karan and Sanjana have an argument as to why their divorce took place and whose fault it was in the argument that had culminated after the fire. Sanjana's father intervenes by saying that he had been against the relationship from the start and he had sent the divorce papers not only from Sanjana to Karan but also from the latter to the former, without their knowledge. With only seconds left, Bhavesh's father also apologises to his friend, Prachi and all the family members present for imposing his traditional and old fashioned values on them, admitting that this had been the root cause of Bhavesh and Prachi's divorce. However, the "bomb" turns out to be fake. When this is revealed to be a plan concocted by Jeet and Sanjana to bring everyone forward and admit their mistakes, Bhavesh reconciles with Prachi and Karan not only reconciles with Sanjana but also with her father who finally accepts him as his son-in-law.
At the end, Bhavesh's father lets go of his strict ideals and is shown interacting very happily and in a modern manner with his family, who are now happier and still more modern. Jeet becomes a marriage counsellor, now uniting the very people he separated, and Karan unsuccessfully tries to teach Sanjana how to cook.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story focuses on Steven (Sunil Shetty) and his wife Nancy (Aarti Chabria) who currently live with Steven's mother and plan to purchase their own flat soon. The film begins with the death of Steven's father. Steven organises the whole funeral by himself and the guests begin to arrive. Steven's brother Brian (Aashish Chaudhary), a renowned novelist living in Mumbai, also arrives. Everyone is expecting Brian to give the farewell speech since he is a novelist, however he has nothing planned, and he is intending on Steven to do the speech. Every time Steven tries to start his speech someone always interrupts and the speech is delayed. A short man named Andrew (Rajpal Yadav) introduces himself to Steven and asks to speak to him in private. Andrew tells him that he was Steven's father's gay lover. Surprised, Steven tells Brian this. Andrew blackmails them and demands money to keep this a secret. By this time, Steven's crazy family arrive. This film is the story of one mad and hilarious day at a funeral and how things get from normal to mayhem in just a few hours.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Widower farmer, Dayal Singh, based in Palheri in the District of Chandigarh, witnesses the exploitation of farmers at the hands of Zamindars. He decides to send his elder son, Aman, to the city to study and become a lawyer, while his second son, Jiggar, would live with him and assist him in farming. Years later, the district gets a visit from Sohan Seth, who wants to buy the farm and turn the area into a commercial zone. Aman returns home and is able to join hands with his father and brother in advising the locales against Sohan. Things get out of hand when Jiggar is arrested for Assault, and even though Aman defends him, is sentenced to five years in prison. After his discharge, Jiggar returns home to find his father bed-ridden, half of his body paralyzed, a number of farmers have committed suicide, while Aman, who has married his sweetheart-fellow lawyer, Priya, lives in the city, works for Sohan, and has been putting pressure on Dayal as well as other farmers to sell their respective farmlands. Meanwhile, Priya is collecting proofs against Sohan Seth, she is attacked and killed by his men. Aman finds out and he helps his brother in taking down his men. A man reconciles with his father. Jigar marries Titli. They are shown working together on the family fields along with a recovering Dayal.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vir is a bachelor from a small town working as a sous-chef in a five-star hotel in Mumbai, India. He is a handsome, charming, macho, idiot who flirts with, yearns for and lusts after any woman who is friendly, but seems unattainable. From his man-hating maid, whom he ogles as she wipes his floor, to the man-eating owner of a call centre who could wipe the floor with him, to the too-tall model, and the too-young pest down the corridor...from the Bengali-Beauty-with-Brains-and-Books to the married-flirt next door - Vir is suckered by them all.
With his ego, confusion and commitment ... it is so difficult to stop flattering and lying, to himself. The sometimes smart and sometimes silly observations of his all-male gang of cooks at the hotel kitchen is of little help until Vir is finally forced to grow up.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Quick Gun Murugun is an unlikely superhero (played by Telugu actor Dr. Rajendra Prasad) a South Indian Tamil cowboy whose duty is to protect the world against arch villain restaurant owner, Rice Plate Reddy (played by Nassar), who wants to create the ultimate non-vegetarian dosa! The movie revolves around adventures of Quick Gun Murugun along with his love to-be Mango Dolly (played by Rambha) and Locket Lover (played by Anu Menon).
Murugan is a typical vegetarian cowboy who made himself into Quick Gun Murugan. The cowboy has to do something good for the world so he believes that vegetarianism is the need of the hour.
Quick Gun Murugun enters into a battle that spans time and space, from a small south Indian village to Heaven and then finally to cosmopolitan Mumbai across 25 years. He is torn between Mango Dolly who loves him secretly and his first love Locket Lover and his loyalty is put to the test.
Mango Dolly gets hit by a bullet and while dying, she expresses her love to Murugun. Realising that he too loves Mango Dolly, he tells her that he loves her and she can "stay with him". Finally, Quick Gun Murugun is able to succeed in his mission by defeating Rice Plate Reddy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Yeh Mera India focuses on the comprehensive lifestyle of Mumbai, with a special focus on the biases that permeate the corner of its society. Whether it is communal bias, social bias, economic bias, religious bias or educational bias, the "bias" factor dominates the entire depiction of the film, merging different characters into one story.
The different biases that are incorporated into the film are as following:
Religious bias - A devout Muslim listens to the radical sermons of a religious leader that aims to instigate his followers to take revenge for the wrongdoings occurring within the Islamic community. This leads his followers to collaborate to create havoc in the city, but plans fail. However, when the plan is about to succeed, the follower decides to abort it, seeing a Hindu boy walk towards it. This child had previously helped a lost Muslim girl find her mother.
Communal bias - Rajpal Yadav is a Bihari who has just arrived in Mumbai, looking for work. In his quest for some money and food, Yadav encounters incredible bias against his community, with Marathis blaming his creed for taking away jobs and others ridiculing his sub-par technical skills. On the other side, a Brahmin politician opposes his son's courtship of a Dalit girl; however, he decides to exploit the relationship for political gain.
Social bias - Sarika is the administrator of a large hospital, running it with zeal and fervor. Seema Biswas is a poor woman who is trying to gather funds for her husband's bail money, as he has been framed in a fraudulent case. Biswas works at Sarika's house, cooking meals and cleaning the house. Despite Seema's honest work, Sarika continues to doubt her when things go missing, checking her purse and doubting her character. In the end, it is Biswas who comes to the aid of Sarika at a crucial moment.
Gender bias - Sarika's husband is a successful builder and owner of several Call Centre across Mumbai. Intoxicated with money and power, he finds himself unable to resist deflowering women, using every moment to lure women, by showering expensive gifts on them. However, a moment arrives where he finds himself on crossroads, unable to face the reality, but understanding its repercussions.
Economic bias - Perizaad Zorabian is a successful creative head of a channel. However, work and life has tensed her. She is unable to bear the hectic pressure of Mumbai and asks her husband to find work in either the United States or United Kingdom. Perizaad looks for opportunities to insult people and finds her financial power too strong to succumb to emotion.
Biases of these sort weave the entire story into finding resolutions based on the biases of individuals and the reality of the lifestyle of Mumbai. The message clearly floated through movie is We have to learn to live together like Brothers or perish like Fools, as said by M. Luther King. This movie plot has certain similarities with the plot of Crash (2004), an American movie starring Matt Dillon, Sandra Bullock, Don Cheadle, Thandie Newton and Brendan Fraser.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Three – Love, Lies and Betrayal is a film about what takes place within a huge mansion that is located in Purple Lake, Scotland. The story revolves around Anjini Dutt (Nausheen Ali Sardar) the wife of Rajeev Dutt (Akshay Kapoor). Anjini is a violin teacher who runs the house with whatever she earns. She has a promising young student in Benji Smith, whose mother Tanya Smith (Achint Kaur) is a local Police Officer. Benji is required to leave the classes due to financial and other constraints but Anjini offers to Tanya to come to their house to teach him free of cost since Benji has great talent. This impresses Tanya a great deal. Rajeev, on the other hand, is facing a great financial loss in his business and has not been able to earn much and relies on Anjini's earnings. This leads to frustration in their relationship. Finally, Rajeev gains the courage to ask Anjini to sell the mansion and give him the money to invest in his business. This enrages Anjini because the mansion is the only connection she has with her late parents. However, she decides to help her husband and gives one portion of the mansion on rent. This brings Sanjay (Aashish Chaudhary) into the picture, who comes to stay as a paying guest. He soon finds out the tension between the couple and sympathizes with Anjini. Anjini then gradually gets attracted and falls in love with Sanjay. Is Sanjay's love for Anjini real? Has Anjini committed a blunder? Will she have to pay for it with her mansion......or even her life? What is written in her fate? Who will win in this game of love, lies and betrayal? Basically, Sanjay has been paid by Anjini's husband to trap her and then blackmail her with so that she pays him the money and in return the husband gets the money. The plan, however, backfires and ends with Rajeev, the husband dying and Sanjay being implicated for it. Tanya, along with the police cops gets Sanjay arrested for Rajeev's murder.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dinkar Waghmare (Shreyas Talpade) hails from a small town. He is a 28-year-old sub-inspector with the Mumbai Police who spends his time dreaming of beautiful TV reporter Soniya Bhatt (Mahi Gill). He has never solved a case and has always stayed away from serious action. His late father was a successful police officer. He is constantly reminded of his failure by his nagging mother and feels pressure to live up to his father's larger-than-life image. One day Dinkar loses his Bajrangbali-stickered gun and is under extreme pressure to find it.
Meanwhile, terrorist Balma Rashid-ul-Khairi (Kay Kay Menon), alias Janu, has arrived in Mumbai planning to bomb several locations in the city. However, he falls in love with Mumbai life and a bargirl named Pearl (Shenaz Treasurywala). But when Janu abandons his life of violence to romance Pearl, his chief comes to Mumbai to complete his mission and kill both Janu and Pearl. As he pursues his gun around Mumbai, Dinkar accidentally becomes a hero when he saves the mayor's life and then prevents the daughter of the police commissioner from committing suicide.
He meets Soniya who falls in love with the city's new hero. He is promoted to inspector and is assigned to head security at the Mumbai Police Show. The terrorist chief plants a bomb under the stage as planned, but Janu comes to defuse it as it is about to explode when Pearl starts her number. With the help of Dinkar, Janu defuses the bomb. The terrorist's plot is foiled and Dinkar is able to retrieve his gun and avoid humiliation.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rishi (Rishi Kapoor), the son of legendary Raj Kapoor, decides to try his hand at politics, and to garner support, re-locates to his birth village, Hadbahedi. The village is located in an isolated area where most trains do not stop, and electricity is only available for 6 hours a day. He decides to shoot a film 'Khooni Khazana' with Producer/Director, Malkani. Once there, he secretly makes a deal to lend his name to an alcoholic beverage, in exchange for a plot of land in nearby Triphala, and one Crore Rupees, while pledging to the naive villagers that he has no intention to re-locating anywhere. Misled villagers believe Hadbahedi will get popular and modernized, and decide to assist him with all their might. Things escalate into chaos, and anger, when they find out that their valuables are being stolen, and the women being molested, by the film crew, while the police accuse them of harboring a terrorist who was responsible for the 13 December 2001, attack on the Indian Parliament.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arjun Kapoor (Arjun Rampal) is a successful criminal defense lawyer. The film opens with him defending his friend Raj Thakur (Vipul Gupta), who has been accused of rape and murder. Arjun's defense strategy involves suggesting the victim had dubious morals. The victim's parents confront Arjun outside the courthouse, cursing him for his lack of a conscience. Later Raj confesses to Arjun that he is guilty; when Arjun is disturbed by his friend's lack of shame, Raj points out that Arjun's success comes from defending wealthy criminals like him.
At home, Arjun calls his girlfriend and fellow lawyer Urvashi (Sagarika Ghatge). A shadowy figure carrying a gun sneaks up on Arjun, but they retreat when they hear Arjun confess over the phone that he wants to change. When the court convenes the next morning, Arjun publicly accuses his friend of being guilty. The judge orders Arjun to step down from his duties, and his license is revoked. Arjun decides to take a break, leaving Mumbai and his girlfriend.
Arjun travels to Goa, where he meets an old man named Vivian McNamara who claims to be a retired lawyer. They spend time together, during which McNamara says he understands Arjun's situation. McNamara has written a novel titled "Fix the Fox", a crime thriller about the murder of five lawyers, which he hopes to publish and leave behind a positive legacy instead of a negative one. McNamara gives Arjun a copy of the manuscript, which he finishes reading in one night. When Arjun returns to McNamara's house the next morning, he is stopped by a police officer named Gaitonde, who tells him that McNamara just died.
As there's no one to give the manuscript to, Arjun decides to have it published in memoriam. He offers it to Sophie (Udita Goswami), a publishing house editor who recognizes its potential. The manuscript's pages are watermarked with "McNamara", which Sophie assumes is Arjun's pen name. Sophie's publishing policy is to use real names; she also doesn't normally accept unknown authors, but Arjun's fame as a lawyer will ensure the novel's publication. Arjun is pressured into signing a contract, officially claiming to be the author.
The novel becomes a national bestseller and lands in the hands of a local crime branch police officer Yashwant Deshmukh (Sunny Deol), who reads it and finds something suspicious. Yashwant meets Arjun to discuss the novel, and when Arjun confirms that he wrote it, Yashwant has Arjun arrested. The five murders in the novel match five unsolved murders on file, right down to confidential details. Urvashi comes to Arjun's aid, negotiating for bail and a remand under Yashwant's custody so they can investigate the case themselves.
Arjun and Urvashi tell Yashwant the full story and ask for his help, but they can't find any evidence that "Vivian McNamara" or "Gaitonde" ever existed. Arjun then remembers that the original manuscript had the "McNamara" watermark, which may help cast reasonable doubt. He and Urvashi sneak out of Yashwant's house to get it from the publishing house. They arrive just as "Gaitonde" has taken it; Arjun chases him, eventually following him back to Yashwant's house.
Arjun sneaks into Yashwant's rooms, where he discovers pictures of Yashwant with "Gaitonde". He also finds a secret room where there are costuming materials and newspaper articles of the five criminal lawyers and Arjun himself. Yashwant is behind the murders and the frame-up.
Arjun agrees to meet Yashwant at a secluded location. There, he demands to know why Yashwant framed him. Yashwant explains that his wife and son were murdered, but a criminal defense lawyer similar to Arjun got the killer acquitted. Yashwant since then vowed to kill all lawyers like him. He had almost killed Arjun, as seen earlier in the film, but changed his mind when he heard Arjun confess his troubles to Urvashi. Yashwant decided to give Arjun a chance, setting up the con with "Vivian McNamara" (actually Yashwant's brother, who also pretended to be Gaitonde), but when Arjun took credit for the novel, Yashwant took it as evidence that he hadn't changed at all. Arjun reveals that he's actually wired and the entire conversation was recorded. Police officers come out from their hiding place, and when Yashwant attacks Arjun, he is shot and killed.
The final scene is of Arjun with Urvashi by his side, being interviewed by the press. Arjun says that he is returning to criminal law, but will fight for truth and justice.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Phir Kabhi tells the story of two high school sweethearts who rekindle their romance at a school reunion decades later at their old age.
-----------------------------------------------------------
After receiving a generous grant from the American Medical Association, Dr Duke Chawla (Bobby Deol) who always gives hope to his patients, proposes to his sweetheart, Pooja (Kangana Ranaut), and they arrange to get married soon. While returning home that night, he meets with an accident and wakes up in the East West Hospital paralce of recovery. Shattered and devastated, he is in for more trauma and shock when he finds out that Pooja will have nothing to do with him anymore. Upset, bitter and in despair, he loses his will to live, refuses to take medicine nor any treatment and awaits death. One day, Roshan (Dwij Yadav) a young boy enters Duke's life to rekindle the hope again. He starts telling him stories of the world seen outside his window and motivates him to take his medicines and start his physiotherapy. Day by day Duke starts improving and one fine day he realises that Roshan was suffering from terminal cancer and he died leaving a new life for Duke.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Veera (Rani Mukerji) is a young woman who lives in a small village but dreams of playing cricket in the big league, being extremely talented in the game. Veera works in a nautanki and dances with the star performer, Shanno (Rakhi Sawant), an arrogant and conceited woman.
Rohan (Shahid Kapoor) is an accomplished captain of a county cricket team in England. His father, Vicky, and mother, Yamini, are separated. Rohan lives with his mother in England and his father lives in India. Vicky has been captaining the Indian cricket team against the Pakistani cricket team in a tournament called the 'Aman Cup.' Every year, for 8 years, India has lost all matches. To win, Vicky pretends to have a heart attack and asks Rohan to come to India. When Rohan reaches India, he agrees to captain the team for his father, determined to make the team win.
Rohan holds auditions to select the best players, but when Veera goes to audition, she is not allowed to enter because players have to be male. Upset, Veera then disguises herself as a man named Veer and is accepted into the team. One day when a glass of juice is thrown in Veera's face, her hair falls, but she hides it and runs to the men's changing room. Rohan looks for "Veer", but finds Veera in the changing room instead. Veera quickly pretends to be Veer's sister to cover the disguise. Rohan argues with her but later asks "Veer" to bring him to Veera to apologise. Rohan falls in love with Veera as herself (he does not recognise her as Veer). Rohan and Veera go on a date and Veera falls in love with Rohan as well.
The big day of the match arrives, when India is set to play Pakistan in Lahore's Gaddafi Stadium. Rohan's mother arrives at the match and she and Rohan's father are reunited. In the match, Veer gets the other player out and everyone hugs her in joy. In the excitement, one of Veer's brown contact lenses falls out onto Rohan's finger and he realises that Veer is Veera. He argues with her about her deception and goes back to play the match without "Veer". Upset, Veer takes off her disguise, changing back to herself. When Rohan's team starts losing, Vicky tells Rohan that it isn't important to win or lose any more; he is happy that at least through the match, he and his mother came. But Rohan understands how badly his father wants to win this match, so he gets Veera to come back and play the match.
Veera puts her disguise back on and plays well, but in the closing stages, she is tripped by a Pakistan fielder. Rohan rushes to her aid and the medical unit says that Veera's arm is fractured, but she determinedly continues playing. She shows her talent by switching sides and batting with her left hand. They win the match and Rohan asks "Veer" to show his true identity. Everyone is shocked that Veer is actually a woman and accuses her of being a cheat. Veera then gives a heart-touching speech about women and their talents that become useless because of men's dominance. Everybody realises that talented women should be allowed to play with men in cricket teams and gives her a round of significant applause. Veera sees Rohan's love for her and the two are reunited.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Radhe (Salman Khan), a gangster with a mysterious past, kills others for money. He meets Jhanvi (Ayesha Takia) while she's doing fitness training and instantly falls in love with her. Even though their first meeting leads Jhanvi to think negatively about Radhe, she later begins to reciprocate his feelings. However, Talpade (Mahesh Manjrekar), a selfish and perverted Inspector, lusts after Jhanvi and tells her to marry him with the threat that he would rape Jhanvi's mother (Prateeksha Lonkar) if she decides to go against his decision. Talpade is tipped off about Radhe's existence by Jhanvi's landlord. Talpades tries to threaten Radhe but ends up getting frightened of Radhe after getting outsmarted by Radhe .
Gani Bhai (Prakash Raj), an international don, arrives in India for an assassination and hires Radhe. Two gangs, Datta Pawle's (Raju Mavani) and Gani Bhai's, fight for the biggest part of Mumbai. Due to this, Commissioner Ashraf Khan (Govind Namdeo) decides to make Mumbai free of crime. He arrests Gani Bhai, who makes various attempts to contact Radhe, however, in vain. Ashraf Khan is blackmailed to release Gani Bhai, after his men release an explicit video of his daughter online after kidnapping her. Under the influence of drugs, his daughter reveals a mission that involves an IPS officer, Rajveer Singh Shekhawat, murdering Gani Bhai. Since Rajveer Shekhawat's identity is difficult to decipher, Gani Bhai holds his father, Shrikant Shekhawat (Vinod Khanna), captive. Shrikant proudly tells him about his son, without revealing his true identity. Gani Bhai mistakes Ajay (Inder Kumar), Radhe's adopted brother, for Rajveer Shekhawat and kills him. Gani Bhai realises his mistake and pressures Shrikant to reveal Rajveer's identity. Shrikant is murdered by Gani Bhai after he refuses to tell him. His son, Rajveer Shekhawat, who is revealed to be Radhe, arrives at the place of his father's death. Radhe is infuriated and decides to avenge the deaths of his father and brother. Through threatening Talpade, he locates Gani Bhai. After an intense combat, Radhe finally manages to kill Gani Bhai and his co-conspirator Talpade.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In a quaint rural village, an elderly man receives a card in the mail from his youngest grandson, Yogesh (Harman Baweja). In Mumbai, Yogesh's family consults an astrologer to learn if their eldest son, Jitu (Dilip Joshi), a debtor, will go to jail, and also give him Yogesh's birthdate to learn his future. They are astonished to hear that Yogesh will inherit a fortune if he is married on the 20th of that month; the phone rings, and the family is overjoyed to hear that Yogesh's grandfather has made him his sole heir.
Yogesh is successful and living in Chicago. He gets a text message from Jitu that his father (Anjan Srivastav) had a heart attack, and rushes to Mumbai. When he arrives, Yogesh learns that Jitu had lied to him about their father, but that Jitu owes a rich man 25 million rupees for gambling debts; if Yogesh does not marry on the 20th of the month, Jitu will go to jail. At first Yogesh is adamant he will not marry, but Jitu tells him that he also borrowed 15 million rupees from a mob boss; his parents are unaware of this. Yogesh is annoyed, but agrees to marry after the gangster threatens them. When Uncle Devu (Darshan Jariwala) posts an ad with Yogesh's photo, 176 girls reply. Yogesh decides that he will meet one girl from each zodiac sign. Meanwhile, Devu's wife asks Yogesh's father to hire a detective – she suspects that Devu is cheating on her. When Yogesh's father learns that the astrologer is also a detective, he hires him. The detective identifies Devu's mistress as a woman named Anila Kamdar.
After Yogesh has met most of the girls, one of them, Sanjana (Priyanka Chopra), asks to talk to him privately. She says to him that a boy has agreed to marry her, but she is reluctant. She asks Yogesh to give her time to decide what to do about her boyfriend. He agrees, telling her about his problems with Jitu. Sanjana, touched that Yogesh will help her despite his own problems, hugs him. Devu walks in, and thinks he has interrupted them; Sanjana chases him, trying to explain. Tailing Devu, the detective is unaware that he had been with Anila at a hotel and sees him with Sanjana. Sanjana shows Devu a picture; when he says something supposedly demeaning, she becomes angry and tries to leave. Devu stops her, holding her while she cries before they leave in his car. The detective convinces Yogesh and his father that Devu is having an affair with Sanjana. Anila then comes downstairs, looking for Devu. Yogesh shows her the photos, telling her that Devu and Sanjana went to Khandala, a hill station near Mumbai. The detective tells Devu's wife this story, and they find Devu at a hotel with Sanjana. Devu thinks Yogesh betrayed him, and Yogesh thinks Devu is having an affair with Sanjana.
After seeing the last girl, Yogesh's mother beseeches him to choose with his heart instead of his mind. Yogesh sees all of the girls in a dream, and in the morning decides who he will marry. He goes to Rajni's office because she offered a 50-million-rupee dowry, and is relieved to discover that she is marrying someone else. Yogesh goes to Devu's house to tell him he wants to marry Vishakha, but Devu calls her and rejects her. He says there is no need for Yogesh to marry her; he knows about Jitu's debt, and says he will choose Yogesh's bride himself.
Yogesh is impatient, but Devu keeps the bride a secret. When she enters, Yogesh cannot tell who she is. When the ceremony ends, Devu welcomes the father of the bride: Sanjana's father. Yogesh is stunned when his grandfather brings the money to pay Jitu's debts. He asks Devu how he arranged the marriage; Devu explains that when Sanjana followed him and showed him a picture of her boyfriend, he remembered seeing the boyfriend kissing another woman in Khandala. He brought Sanjana to a hotel in Khandala to confront her boyfriend. Sanjana told him she would marry Yogesh, having realised that she loves him. The film ends with the marriage attendants asking Sanjana's astrological sign. Sanjana asks Yogesh what her raashee is, to which he says he does not know, and smiles.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film is based on Raj (Govinda) who has a girlfriend, supermodel Dolly (Lara Dutta), and a wife, Kiran (Sushmita Sen). Raj fires Mangu (Rajpal Yadav), a cook, because of attempting to seduce the female staff. To take revenge, Mangu takes a picture of Raj with Dolly and gives it to Kiran. Kiran gets suspicious but then Raj says that Dolly is not his girlfriend. He says that there are three people in the picture, Raj, Dolly and Govardhan (Ritesh Deshmukh). Raj tells Kiran that the guy, who came into the picture as he was walking by, is Dolly's boyfriend and tells Govardhan to live with Dolly for a couple of days so Kiran's suspicions will go away.
Govardhan gets really troubled when Dolly's ex-boyfriend Diesel (Sohail Khan) shows up and threatens Govardhan that, when he finds out who Dolly's boyfriend is, Diesel will beat him up. Meanwhile, Kiran has a detective (Ranvir Shorey) follow Dolly and Govardhan. The twist in the story comes when Kiran tells Raj that she is going to Puna to meet her mom, when she's actually making a plan with the detective to catch Dolly and Raj red-handed. As soon as Kiran leaves, Raj calls and books the presidential suite at a hotel for Dolly and him, just like Kiran expected. While Dolly and Raj are enjoying themselves, Kiran's detective starts his job. But he gets crushed by the window as he is trying to climb into Raj and Dolly's room. When Raj and Dolly notice, they call Govardhan to help get rid of the body because they think he is dead. Just as Govardhan shows up, so does Dolly's ex, Diesel. While trying to get rid of the body, Raj's ex-cook, Mangu, shows up (he is now working at the hotel).
The story takes a twist when they discover that the detective is alive. Lucky for them, he has lost him memory from the fall he suffered. Raj tells him he is John Matthews and he is married. Dolly tells him he is John Matthews and divorced. Govardhan tells him he is John Matthews, still a bachelor. Mangu tells him he is his friend and that he has a memory problem; under this pretense, he takes his watch and necklace saying that he forgot that Mangu actually gave it to him. Diesel runs into Govardhan and is about to beat him up when he tells him that Raj is her boyfriend. When Diesel runs into Raj, he tells him Govardhan is Dolly's boyfriend. Govardhan finds Dolly and tells her that instead of lying about love, she should be with the one who really loves her, Diesel. Dolly agrees and hugs Govardhan telling him he is a good guy. Unfortunately, Diesel mistakes the situation and starts to beat up Govardhan. Dolly saves Govardhan by telling Diesel that Govardhan convinced her to go back to him. Dolly leaves with Diesel.
Govardhan goes back to his sick mother in the hospital. (She is the one he did this all for. He needs money for her hospital bill and agreed to go along with everything Raj said.) He agrees to marry the woman of his mother's choice, Mala (Rituparna Sengupta) the nurse taking care of her. And Raj convinces Kiran that nothing is going on and they go home as well. In the midst of all this, the detective gets his memory back and goes to Kiran with the proof of her husband's infidelity. As he gets there, Kiran and Raj are about to leave for a second honeymoon. When the detective sees the love between Kiran and Raj, he loses hope and throws the camera with the proof of Raj and Dolly's affair. The camera lands on Kiran's foot, and she sees the pictures. The story ends with Raj crying and living all alone.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Siddharth "Sid" Mehra (Ranbir Kapoor) is the carefree son of wealthy businessman Ram Mehra (Anupam Kher) and Sarita (Supriya Pathak) in Mumbai. Depicted as a spoiled slacker, Sid shows little concern for his plans after college, barely studying for tests and having no interest in working for his father. On the night after the final exams, he meets Aisha (Konkona Sen Sharma), an aspiring writer recently moved away from her hometown of Calcutta and a few years older than Sid. With the help of Sid, along with his friends Rishi (Namit Das) and Laxmi, Aisha finds a small apartment overlooking the city skyline. She also lands a job at Mumbai Beat (based on Time Out! Mumbai), a hip magazine run by editor-in-chief Kabir (Rahul Khanna), whom Aisha is attracted to.
After learning that he has failed the final exams (delaying his graduation for another year), Sid displaces his frustration onto Rishi, and later gets into a heated argument with his parents, ending with him moving out. Aisha allows Sid to temporarily stay at her apartment, but finds him disorganized and careless with her home. One night, Aisha loses her temper and yells at Sid for his inability to clean up after himself. The next morning, Sid confides in Aisha that he now realizes his constant dependence on Ram's wealth, a realization that persuades him to seek work. Aisha helps him land a role as a photography intern – photography having been a hobby of his since childhood – at Mumbai Beat.
The internship slowly motivates Sid to be more responsible and productive. He helps out with chores, an internal change visible to all around him. He reconciles with Rishi when they meet again for the first time since their fight. Sid eventually gets hired full-time at Mumbai Beat and receives his first paycheck. He makes amends with his parents, and Ram invites Sid to return home. Aisha and Kabir start dating, but she quickly realizes that, despite her initial attraction to him, they have very little in common. Aisha then develops feelings for Sid, and on the day he packs his belongings to move back in with his family, she is furious to hear that he is leaving. Confused and hurt, unaware that Aisha has fallen in love with him, Sid makes his departure.
Back at home with Ram and Sarita, Sid receives the latest issue of Mumbai Beat. He reads Aisha's column, an article describing her adjustment to life in Mumbai and her love for an unnamed person. Realizing that it is about her feelings for him, Sid rushes through rainy weather to meet her at the same beach where they had gone the day they met. Sid expresses his love for her and the two embrace.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Acid Factory is about a group of characters whose sense of past has vanished in a haze of coma like sleep they have woken up from only to discover that reality could be a figment of their imagination.
Their sense of right or wrong is clouded by this state of complete distrust and self-righteousness.
As the story reveals through the hazy mist of confusion confounded by loss off memory, the audience is just shown the tip of the iceberg. Five men wake up inside the stolid confines of a factory to find themselves locked in this claustrophobic nowhere land. As the plot unfolds we gradually learn that two of the people who are trapped have been kidnapped and held hostage by the rest of the three for a heist. But the irony is they themselves do not know who the hostages are and who the kidnappers are. The plot is like a Rubik cube that acquires the contours of solid colours on each side as the narrative unfolds. Their fears are heightened by a phone call from the leader of the gang of goons who informs them that he is on his way with the heist and plans to knock off the two hostages as soon as he arrives. Every one fears for their lives as they are unaware about the fact which two of them are the hostages. They plan escape, fail and end lunging at each other in despair as the clock ticks away. Individual foibles and shortcomings surface in this final hour of despair. Like caged animals they alternately bicker among themselves and then jointly plan means of escape but to no avail. The Big Boss eventually arrives.
It is revealed in the end that Sarthak and J.D. are business partners and Sarthak was going to sell their company and in order to avenge that, J.D. plans Sarthak's kidnapping. Romeo is an undercover cop who becomes a part of this plan to get close to the gang headed by Kaiser. In the end, the gang goes to jail and Romeo and Sarthak get back to their lives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Veer Kapoor (Fardeen Khan) is a struggling artist who hopes to make it big someday with his rock group but at present is tottering financially. His only source of income is a monthly pocket money of Rs 100,000 from his wealthy elder step brother Dharam Kapoor (Sanjay Dutt), for which Veer has told a lie about him being married to Vidya (Mugdha Godse), his girlfriend. His best friend is Prem Chopra (Ajay Devgn), who is married to Jhanvi (Bipasha Basu). Jhanvi runs a broken down gymnasium owned by Prem's family and Prem spends his time mechanically modifying cars.
Veer and Prem need Rs. 500,000 to register Prem's car for an illegal race (if they win they will get Rs. 5,000,000). They borrow the money from a local mute loan shark Tobu (Johnny Lever) after showing him a car designed by Prem which, Prem assures him, cannot lose. Impressed by this vehicle, Tobu in addition to lending Prem and Veer 500,000, invests 500,000 of his own on Prem. Prem loses the race and ends up owing a sum of Rs. 1,000,000 to Tobu which should be paid within a week.
Prem decides to rent out Veer's bungalow to a local slum dweller RGV;— Raghuvandas Goverdhandas Vakawale, who has won a lottery, and collects an advance of Rs 250,000. However everything gets into a muddle when Dharam is stranded in the Goa Airport on his way to Lushoto and insists on catching up with his younger brother.Things get worse when their new tenant arrives and is bitten by Dharam.In order to save the situation,Prem and Veer both lie that Raghu is mad and vice versa.
Vidya had a fight with Veer and is temporarily not talking to him. After Veer brings Dharam home from the airport, Dharam sees Jhanvi and takes her for Vidya, and later when he sees Vidya, Prem and Veer tell him she is Jhanvi, Prem's girlfriend. Jhanvi pretends to be Vidya, Veer's wife and Vidya pretends to be Jhanvi. Things get into a deeper muddle with regular visits from the new tenant RGV, Tobu and his thugs and finally by a princess (Bipasha Basu) of Lushoto.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows three men on an underwater treasure hunt. In the Bahamas, Aarav (Akshay Kumar) runs a successful fishing company under the title of Blue. He works with Sagar (Sanjay Dutt) who works as a diver for Aarav's fishing company. Sagar is in a relationship with Mona (Lara Dutta) and wants to propose to her soon. Sagar is under a financial crisis, and to help him, Aarav advises Sagar to retrieve the lost treasure of a sunken ship called Lady in Blue. However, Sagar refuses to go to the ship due to an unknown reason.
Meanwhile, Sagar's younger brother Sam (Zayed Khan) is in Bangkok. Sam is a bike rider, and meets Nikki (Katrina Kaif), a female biker who works for an underworld gangster named Gulshan (Rahul Dev). Sam is challenged by Gulshan to a bike race, and after Sam wins, he asks Nikki out for dinner. Before leaving, Gulshan asks Sam to work for him, but Sam refuses unless there's a large sum of money involved.
During Sam's date with Nikki, Nikki explains to Sam that the job Gulshan proposed would pay with $50,000. Gulshan hires Sam to work for him, but Sam is set up by Gulshan in failing to deliver a package costing Gulshan the $50 million. Sam must either pay his money back or die. Sam does not have the money so he explains to Nikki, whom he now loves, that he is going on holiday to the Bahamas to visit his brother Sagar and doesn't think Gulshan will find him there. Sam arrives at Aarav's company and Sagar welcomes him happily. In the Bahamas, Sam receives a call from Gulshan on Nikki's phone, explaining that he has killed Nikki, and knows where Sam is.
Soon enough, Gulshan and his crew arrive in the Bahamas and surround Sam. Aarav enters and beats everyone up, saving Sam's life. For now. Sam tells Aarav what he did wrong, and Aarav decides he needs to tell Sagar about the situation. When Sagar learns how much trouble Sam is in, Sam tries to convince Sagar to retrieve the treasure from Lady in Blue. Sagar refuses. The next day, Gulshan bombs Sagar's home, and kidnaps Mona, with a ransom of $50 million or Sam for her return. When Sagar tells Sam and Aarav, Sam decides that they need to go and rescue Mona as they already killed Nikki and will kill Mona too. But Aarav speaks up and says they don't know how far Gulshan is connected and they may all die, meaning the only option is to find the treasure, pay off Gulshan and use the rest of the money to live comfortably. Sagar is still hesitant and it is revealed that Sagar has a haunted and shocking past with Lady in Blue. Years ago, Sagar had to abandon his father at the ship to save his own life. However, after Aarav convinces Sagar that the treasure will save the lives of both Mona and Sam, Sagar finally agrees. The three of them bring the treasure up and find Gulshan sitting on the top of his ship that he and his gang have steered up next to the ship belonging to Sam, Sagar, and Aarav. He tells Sam and Sagar that Aarav hired Gulshan to do all of this. Soon there is a fight between Sagar and Aarav, and Aarav jumps into the ocean. Mona, Sam, and Sagar are forced to leave him there, and Sagar agrees never to come back to the Lady in Blue, after losing two people who were close to him there - his father and his friend Aarav.
Three months later Sagar gets a call from Aarav. Talking to them, Aarav reveals that he survived his leap into the ocean, and tells them that his grandfather was the traitorous captain of the ship, Lady in Blue. Aarav never admitted to Sagar who his grandfather was, because he didn't want to dishonor his family. Aarav explains that finding the treasure of the Lady in Blue would help bring honor back to his family name, and he befriended Sagar, knowing he was the only one who could take him to the treasure. Throughout the phone call, a woman's arm is seen around Aarav, and later, the woman asks to speak to Sam. It is revealed that the woman is Nikki, and she is Aarav's wife. She asks Sam to forgive her for deceiving him, but it isn't revealed if Sam said yes or no. However, while Sam answers there is a smile on Nikki's face. The film ends with Aarav and Nikki cuddling on one of Aarav's boats, and the end credits begin.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A young Indian couple Raina (Kareena Kapoor) and Samir (Salman Khan) meet and fall in love at the very first sight and decide to get married despite the lack of acceptance from Samir’s parents as Raina is an orphan. However, they begin their lives together convincingly as they soon fly off to Melbourne, where Samir works as a stockbroker. Raina decides to work in a restaurant to pass her time.
Their relationship develops problems when Samir's business takes a severe hit. In order to get his career back on line, he decides to move to Singapore and start his work from scratch. Naturally, he expects his wife to stand by him and move to Singapore. She refuses, implying that she does not think that Samir will ever be successful. Raina is adamant about staying on in Melbourne because, for the first time in her life, the orphan girl is earning her own money (as a waitress in a restaurant) and loving the feeling of being independent.
Just after Samir catches the plane and leaves for Singapore, Raina has a chance meeting with Aakash (Sohail Khan) at the airport itself. They strike a rapport immediately, and once he knows of Raina's problems, Aakash lends a helping hand using his friend’s (Mahek Chahal) help. He gets her a much better job at the airport. Now, Raina suddenly finds herself in the midst of a new and trendy airport job and in addition a good mansion to live in. Aakash falls deeply in love with Raina because they work together in close proximity, and Raina also seems to be attracted to him, or at least to depend on him for every small and big matter on day-to-day basis. At this juncture, Raina is faced with the problem that her residency visa is going to expire and she will have to leave Australia compulsorily. As usual, she takes her problem to Aakash (not her husband). Aakash and his friends suggest to her the idea of faking a marriage with Aakash so that she can stay on. Initially, Raina is reluctant, but soon she agrees after she realises that Aakash is a genuinely good-hearted man.
At this juncture, Samir reappears after having achieved success in Singapore. He finds that Raina is not all that thrilled at his surprise visit. He then stumbles upon the court papers concerning the wedding ceremony between Raina and Aakash, and is shocked and appalled. However, Samir and Raina decide to give their relationship another chance. Aakash too agrees that Raina must try to resolve her differences with her husband. Later, Aakash finds love in a certain Mrs. Khan (Deepika Padukone) who coincidently has the same name as Raina and once had a failed relationship with a person, whose name again coincidently is Samir.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around two childhood friends, Arjun (played by Ajay Devgn) and Mannu (played by Salman Khan). Arjun wants to become a music star, so he inadvertently asks God for his father's death. When he and his uncle move to London, Arjun runs away.
Arjun creates a fledgling band with Zoheb and Wasim (Rannvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapoor, respectively), two brothers who duped their relatives in Pakistan to travel to London in pursuit of their musical aspirations. He also brings aboard Priya (played by Asin), a music enthusiast from a conservative South Indian family. Back in India, Mannu seduces married women and finds himself in debt with the locals.
After paying his debt, Mannu goes to London to join Arjun's band, but becomes more popular with the crowds. Mannu also flirts with Priya.
The band embarks on a three-city tour spanning Paris, Rome, and Amsterdam where Arjun deceives a naive Mannu into a rollercoaster ride of promiscuous sex and illicit drugs. He tricks him, gets him addicted to drugs, and then gets him arrested in a car full of them. While pretending to help Mannu, Arjun leaks the drug story to the press. As the three-city tour concludes, the band heads to London to perform at Wembley Stadium in front of an audience estimated at 90,000 (which is of significance since, earlier in the movie, the viewer is told that Arjun's grandfather had failed before a similar audience). Knowing how important this is for Arjun, Mannu tries to give up drugs. But Arjun decides that his success and Mannu's total failure are related. He pays a girl to pretend to have oral sex with Mannu, which makes Priya break up with Mannu. In this fragile state, Zoheb pushes Mannu toward drugs again so that he can't come on stage.
In the moments leading up to the stage entrance, Mannu comes to senses and chooses the righteous path and runs to support his mate. But Arjun, who has become incensed with the crowd chanting Mannu's name, confesses his envy of Mannu's talent and what he did to finish Mannu off. The audience boos Arjun, the band breaks up and a sad Mannu goes back to his village.
Arjun's uncle (Om Puri), advises him to apologize to Mannu. Then it is revealed that after knowing the truth Priya and Mannu reconcile. Also, she marries Mannu and lives with him in his village. In the village, however, Mannu tells him not to apologize saying that it was his fault that he didn't see Arjun's sorrow and Priya also pardons Arjun for his wrong deeds. They get back together and London Dreams becomes a successful band again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with the family of archeologist Arun Chatterjee, who lives with his wife, Riya, and baby son, Aladin. When out on a holiday, Arun is attacked by a gang searching for a magic lamp, which Chatterjee has found, but has hidden somewhere. Arun and Riya Chatterjee are murdered; Aladin is raised by his grandfather. After his granddad's death, a now grown-up Aladin Chatterjee (Ritesh Deshmukh) lives in the fictional city of Khwaish. He is lonely, and Kasim (Sahil Khan) and his gang members have bullied Aladin since his childhood. His life changes when Jasmine (Jacqueline Fernandez) enters the city, and Aladin immediately falls for her.
Jasmine has a birthday party for Aladin, and as a present Kasim gives Aladin a magic lamp for his birthday to embarrass him in front of Jasmine. However, this lamp turns out to be the magic lamp that Aladin's father's murderers were trying to find. Aladin rubs the lamp and releases the genie, Genius (Amitabh Bachchan). Desperate to grant him three wishes so his contract with the magic lamp can end, the rock-star Genius suddenly makes Aladin's life very interesting but chaotic. Aladin does not want to make any wishes, but Genius enters Aladin's dreams and finds out what he wants, getting his sleeping mind to make a wish: to make Jasmine fall in love with him. When he wakes up, he does not like what Genius has done and uses his second wish to return Jasmine to normal. His third wish is for Genius to help him woo Jasmine without using magic to make it happen. Genius does his best, but magic is really his strong suit. Still, as a result of Genius's help/interference, Aladin stands up to Kasim and starts a relationship with Jasmine, and Genius teaches Kasim a lesson. Aladin's future looks perfect, until the real threat looms on the horizon - the ex-genie, Ringmaster (Sanjay Dutt).
Ringmaster is searching for the magic lamp and kidnaps Jasmine with the help of his circus gang. Shortly after Genius and Aladin realize she has been kidnapped, an informer (really Ringmaster in disguise) tells Aladin that it was Genius who murdered his parents. Aladin insults Genius and tells him to leave. Heartbroken, Genius goes to rescue Jasmine alone. As he arrives, it is revealed that Ringmaster is the one who actually killed Aladin's family, as he has been searching for the magic lamp for a long time; Aladin's parents found it first, and Ringmaster punished them for it. Ringmaster steals the magic lamp and wishes for Genius to kill Aladin, but Genius refuses to do it, and loses his magic because he did not grant the wish, just as Ringmaster had planned. Aladin learns that Genius is innocent and arrives to help him, and they succeed in rescuing Jasmine. Ringmaster's plan is then completely revealed: he plans to perform a ritual to steal the reflection of an approaching comet, getting back his genie powers as a result. Genius, Aladdin and Jasmine intervene, and Aladdin steals the comet's reflection, giving genie powers back to Genius instead of Ringmaster. Genius seals Ringmaster inside a mirror and then shatters it, defeating him. The Ringmaster's gang is also defeated.
In the end, the trio happily gets back to the city, Aladin and Jasmine are a couple, and after earning special superpowers from the comet, Aladin gives Kasim yet another lesson.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with a reporter entering into a small town that looks abandoned, with a statue of (Ranbir Kapoor). The reporter asks, where are the people of the town, the statue then narrates the story behind it.
Prem (also Ranbir Kapoor) is a free-loader who, while helping his friend elope, meets Jenny (Katrina Kaif). They both share the trait of stammering when they are emotional. In such a moment, the stammering Jenny induces a spontaneous stammer in Prem, which she misunderstands for mockery. Although this makes her dislike Prem initially, when she finds out his stammer is authentic, the two become friends. Prem eventually falls in love with Jenny, although she is oblivious to this and only considers him as a friend. When he tries to tell Jenny his feelings, he finds out that Jenny is in love with her college friend Rahul (Upen Patel).
He then meets Rahul and finds out that Rahul loves Jenny more than his family, so helps them board a train to escape. However, Rahul disappears at the train station, and Jenny returns to Prem so Prem can help her find Rahul.
As Rahul's father does not like Jenny and completely opposes relationship between Jenny and Rahul, mainly due to the religious barrier, Jenny being a Christian and Rahul a Hindu, when Prem visits Rahul's house for Jenny's proposal with Rahul, he is insulted by Rahul's father. Prem convinces his mother to let Jenny hide in their house while Rahul's family search for her, but they are eventually caught by the police. After that, Jenny lies to the police, claiming that she and Prem are in love, to save Rahul's name. While Prem corroborates Jenny's lie, he gets emotional and spurts out his true feelings for Jenny, which Jenny mistakes for over-acting.
Prem and Jenny successfully go to the club to get reunited with Rahul. Rahul tells Prem that he (Rahul) and Jenny are going to prepare the wedding in two days.
Unfortunately, a day before the wedding, Jenny gets kidnapped by Sajid Don (Zakir Hussain) who is seeking a ransom from Rahul's father in exchange for her.Prem and his buddies find her in Sajid Don's warehouse. A hilarious fight ensues between Prem and Sajid Don's gang. Prem's father (Darshan Jariwala) joins the fight, too. Later on, Sajid Don, a wanted criminal, gets arrested.
Rahul and his father, who's running for the elections, tell the media that it was they who were the ones involved in the fight with Sajid Don, intending to buy a good name for Rahul's father before the elections. On Jenny and Rahul's wedding day, Jenny finds out that Prem actually gave consent to Rahul and his father to publicize their false story. This and past recollections of Prem's selfless caring for her, makes her realize that she truly loves Prem and that Rahul and his family are actually very selfish, and prompts her to become a runaway bride. Meanwhile, Prem, who is about to leave the town is stopped by an stage actor (Behzaad Khan), who asks him to guide to an address, further driving him back to the church, where he finds Jenny as the actor disappears and it is revealed that he was actually Jesus Christ. She is united with Prem and the two happily get married, in a small celebration at a marriage registration office.
The statue in the beginning reveals that entire town is attending their wedding and asks the reporter to visit the registration office.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jail tells the story of Parag Dixit (Neil Nitin Mukesh) who is having a peaceful life with his girlfriend Mansi, played by Mugdha Godse. But his life takes a turn and he ends up in jail due to a false drugs case in which he is implicated although his friend is responsible for the fiasco. Shortly after getting promoted as Regional Manager of Max Finance, Parag Dixit gets arrested in Bandra for Firing at Police, and Possession of Narcotics. His associate, Keshav, is grievously injured, and is hospitalized in a coma-like condition. Parag's widowed mother, Alka, and Air Hostess girlfriend, Manasi Pandit, retain Advocate Harish Bhatiya to represent him at a preliminary bail hearing, but the Judge denies bail. Housed in an overcrowded barrack, with barely room to move, Parag meets with a variety of people - both convicted and awaiting trial - including Abdul Ghani, Kabir Malik, Galib Suratwala, Nawab, Bababhai, etc. Parag again appears in Court after a charge-sheet is filed, but again, due to the seriousness of the offenses, fear of tampering with evidence and witnesses, he is denied bail. Several months later, Keshav died while parag was still under trial- and Parag, embittered by abuse, loss of faith in an overburdened system - with overwhelming evidence against him - faces trial as the only accused. The film is a take on the cruel realities faced by prisoners in Indian jails by focusing on Parag's life in the jail. It was rumored that Neil will appear complete nude in a torturing scene. Manoj Bajpayee plays another inmate in the jail.
Neil was in various controversies regarding the nudity scene in the film. Apparently this scene had to be blurred to appease the censor board.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie is narrated in clips of Past and Present. Akshay (Emraan Hashmi) who is an artist and a character designer in present departures on a flight. He is boarding from London. Suddenly he sees Sanjana who is sitting just opposite Akshay, and next to business man number 23 (Simon Burns). They both see each other. Akshay and Sanjana remember a series of flashbacks. Akshay was a struggling artist who was in Cape Town. He sees Sanjana first time at that point. Then while Sanjana tries to take out her car she accidentally bumps Akshay's car and leaves a note on it. Akshay and his friend Vicky go to her house and while coming back they have a lot of fun. The next day Akshay and Sanjana go to a party and kiss. They discover their love. Sanjana breaks up with her fiancé and tells her feelings to Akshay. Akshay and Sanjana settle down. As Akshay is an artist and not employed his business is not improving. He also has an ego fight with a distributor. As Akshay doesn't have any money he gets frustrated and takes it out on Sanjana. Sanjana has been working for quite a while. After some time Akshay gets a job in London. As Sanjana can not leave her job and Akshay is interested in the offer they have a fight and break up. Back in the present when they remember these memories the situation is worst in Mumbai. The heavy rains have flooded the city (Indicating the Maharashtra floods of 2005). Many are trying to survive. While their adventure for survival continues Vicky is electrocuted as he falls in water with a cable carrying an electric current. After spending time together they realise that their break-up 6 years back was just a break for them as their destiny is to be united.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Avantika Ahuja (Kareena Kapoor), an academic living in the United States, returns to Delhi after her father falls ill. While in India she meets Ehsaan Khan (Saif Ali Khan), a University professor from Mumbai; and the two become friends and soon fall in love. After some time, Avantika must return back to work and asks Eshaan to join her in the U.S. He agrees and the couple are soon married and living in America. Avantika helps Ehsaan in getting a job, and he is appointed as a professor to teach 'Islam and the Modern World' at the same university where she works. The couple live a happy life in a quiet suburb populated by many South Asian families.
Salma (Nauheed Cyrusi), Avantika's neighbour, is effectively being confined in her own home by her husband Haqil. She manages to inform Avantika about the situation and requests her to contact Rehana (Dia Mirza), a friend and TV reporter. Avantika meets with Rehana and her boyfriend Riyaz (Vivek Oberoi), a Muslim American war journalist who has just arrived back from Iraq. Together they discuss Salma's problem and the trio conclude that Salma is probably the victim of domestic violence. Rehana plans a meeting with Salma, but is unable to meet her since she is leaving to Iraq, as part of a United Nations envoy.
Avantika is over joyed to learn that she is pregnant. While waiting for Ehsaan, she takes a walk around her street. Over hearing voices, she decides to investigate, and finds out that a group of men from her neighborhood, lead by the elder Bhaijaan (Om Puri), are planning a mission. They aim to bomb the plane that Rehana is travelling in, since it is carrying a large group of diplomats and media personnel. Avantika realises that they are part of a terrorist group and also comes across Salma's dead body. The men see her and chase her to her house, where she meets Ehsaan. At first he consoles her, but soon reveals that he is also a part of the terrorist group. Avantika realizes that she is nothing but a pawn in Ehsaan’s game - he married her to legitimately obtain residency, citizenship and a new identity in the USA
Bhaijaan asks Ehsaan to kill Avanita since she is now a liability, but after learning that she is pregnant, Ehsaan decides not to. Ehsaan keeps Avantika captive in their home and threatens to kill her father in India if she tries to inform anyone of what she knows. Avantika manages to make a phone call, and calls Rehana in order to warn her. The call goes to voice mail and it is too late, Rehana has already boarded the flight and the bomb has already been planted. The plane explodes, killing Rehana and all others on board.
A heartbroken Riyaz finds Avantika's voice message for Rehana, and begins his own quest to uncover the real culprits behind the flight bombing. Going undercover, Riyaz joins Ehsaan's lectures and soon befriends him. Avantika and the other wives of the group are watched over by Aapa (Kirron Kher), Bhaijaan's wife. Aapa explains the reasons for Jihad to Avantika, and also reveals that Eshaan was a normal Arab man with no political ideology, until his first wife and son were killed by American bombs. Riyaz engages in a passionate debate with other students regarding the topic of Islam, and Eshaan is impressed. While trying to dispose of Salma's decomposing body, Hakil and Eshaan attract the attention of police. Eshaan kills Hakil and the surrounding policemen, and sets the car on fire. Salma's partially burnt body is found, and the FBI distributes pictures of her in order to learn her identity.
Ehsaan finds Riyaz to be a perfect replacement for Hakil. Ehsaan introduces Riyaz to Bhaijaan, who is initially suspicious of the new recruit. He tests Riyaz by ordering him to shoot at a random man serving at a fast food counter. Riyaz is reluctant but follows through, however it turns out there was no bullet in the gun thus leaving the man unharmed. Having passed the test, Ehsaan makes Riyaz a part of their next mission to bomb several subway stations in New York. Riyaz and Avantika begin to work together to foil the plan and bring down the terrorist group. Riyaz sets up a meeting with the FBI for the next day but his plan is derailed when one of the men sees Salma's picture, and Bhaijaan decides to bring the date of the mission forward.
The group go ahead with their plan - the women travel together with Aapa and the men have three bombs between them, to be detonated at separate stations. While on the subway, Riyaz's colleague bumps into him and accidentally reveals his real identity to Ehsaan and Bhaijaan. Riyaz tries to escape and, in the chaos, shoots Bhaijaan. Before dying, Bhaijaan informs Ehsaan that there are three more bombs, which were placed in the bags of the women, unknown to them. One bomb is with Avantika, who is being escorted by Aapa. Realising that both Avantika and his unborn child will die, Eshaan decides to let Riyaz go, and sets out to find Avantika.
Riyaz informs the FBI of the situation and they rush to each station, trying to find both the men and women. They are able to safely retrieve the explosives from the women, while the men detonate their bombs. Ehsaan kills Aapa in order to free Avantika, and he admits that he loves her and asks her to take care of their child. Eshaan manages to disarm the last bomb, but is fatally wounded as he escapes from three policemen who were chasing him. Before leaving, Avantika asks Ehsaan what his real name is, which he reveals to be Khalid. As she leaves the train, she hears the gunshot of Ehsaan killing himself.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Nitin Bankar (Akshay Kumar) and Ram Mishra (Sunil Shetty) are lucky in love, otherwise their life is a big zero as their bank balance. Nitin is stuck as a servant and driver of Kuljeet Kaur (Archana Puran Singh), according to the conditions of a loan which his father had taken to educate Nitin. Kuljeet is the owner of many malls, restaurants, and other places in Singapore, where this whole story is based. Nitin is fed up with Kuljeet's dog, Moolchand Ji, who always puts Nitin into trouble.
Ram works for a courier service in Singapore. He had originally gone there to work in Chinese films, but he was not selected. Anjali Kakkad (Katrina Kaif), is in love with Nitin and Manpreet Oberoi (Sameera Reddy) is in love with Ram. Both of their girlfriends are rich, and they put a condition – get money or forget us.
Inspector Wilson Parera (Sharat Saxena) is on the trail of Harbans Chadda (Paresh Rawal) who has nine arrest warrants due to cheque bounces. He is eager to get his son, Nonny Chadda (Chunkey Pandey) married, so that he can get dowry of the wedding and pay of all his debts. He finalises Nonny's wedding with Anjali, after her father, Kakkad (Tinu Anand), brings up the topic. Later at a casino, meets Mr. Oberoi (Manoj Joshi). After finding out that Oberoi is one of the richest Indians in Singapore, he lies to Oberoi to fix Nonny's wedding with Manpreet, which finally works out. As he didn't inform Kakkad, Kakkad gets really angry with Harbans. To counter Harbans, Kakkad fixes his daughter Anjali's wedding with someone else.
At the same casino where Harbans met Oberoi, Musa Heerapoorwala (Shakti Kapoor), decides to get married to Anu Chopra (Neha Dhupia), a dancer at that casino. After his brother-in-law finds out, he hires a Mafia Don, Maamu (Asrani), to kill Musa. Maamu sends his best assassin, Kaala Krishna Murali (Johnny Lever) to do the job. To hide from his wife, Musa books a room in Pan Pacific Hotel under the name Suber.
To get rid of all problems and earn some money, Nitin and Ram decide to kidnap Moolchand Ji, as that is the only thing 'living' that Kuljeet, the rich lady, loves. But things go wrong – after they reached Pan Pacific Hotel, the place where they decide to stay, they realise that Moolchand Ji has escaped, causing the police to believe that its Nitin who has been kidnapped. Things worsen when Anjali runs away from home and reaches their room. Initially, Kuljeet refuses to pay the ransom to the kidnappers, but after all her customers decide to go on a strike, she agrees to pay the ransom. As Nitin does not want to go back to Kuljeet, they come up with a plan – they decide to get a dead body from Maamu and throw it onto the railway tracks, along with his driving licence, and then spread the news that the kidnappers have killed Nitin.
Harbans' and Oberoi's families come to Pan Pacific Hotel, where the wedding is going to take place. Harbans and Oberoi click a photo to celebrate their families uniting. To give the advance money to Maamu, Nitin waits at the entrance of Pan Pacific, waiting for Maamu's man to come and say the code 'I'm Maamu's man'. But Kakkad arrives at the hotel, and chases Nitin into Harbans' room. Nitin tries to hide under the bed, but there is no place for him. At the same time, Harbans enters his room and to hide from Harbans, Nitin hides inside the wardrobe. Fed up of his calls, Harbans throws his mobile into the wardrobe and locks it, causing Nitin to get stuck in a wardrobe.
Paramjeet Singh Lamba's (Vikram Gokhale) room, who is the Indian Ambassador. Harbans mistakes Anu for Anjali, which causes great confusion later. Musa's photo, gets exchanged with Oberoi's photo, so Kaala tries to kill Oberoi. Wilson reaches Harbans' room and searches for Harbans, and opens the wardrobe to find Nitin, and mistakes him as Harbans. In an attempt to kill Oberoi, Kaala ends up falling onto Ram's and Nitin's truck, which they take to pick up the ransom. While picking up the ransom, Nitin gets left behind, and is taken to the hospital, while Ram takes the money and reaches the hotel, and Kaala is assumed to be the kidnapper, as he was on top of the truck. And to top it all, Maamu arrives at the hotel with a dead body that nobody wants. In the end, a bomb enters the water-tank of the hotel, which causes it to burst and make the hotel flood. At the end, Nitin, Anjali, Ram and Manpreet get the money and live happily ever after, even though nobody else is happy.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vivan (Himesh Reshammiya) is a successful RJ on a popular radio channel in the city of Mumbai. He has acquired everything in life but his marriage is unsuccessful.Even though he was not of taking a divorce,his wife pooja(Sonal Sehgal) takes divorce from him, the reason cited are lack of compatibility between the two. In their hearts Vivan and Pooja don't want the divorce but the fast pace of life and busy schedules interfere with her emotional balance.It may not be wrong if you can suspect pooja to be a semi-crack.
Enters Shanaya (Shenaz Treasurywala), who is like a ray of sunshine in Vivan's insipid life. But initially he doesn't realize that Shanaya brings a smile to his face. Pooja at this jencture wants a return to his life.She wants him back.She shows signs of returning.But he blatantly discusses Shanaya with Pooja, but being a woman, she can see his love for Shanaya. She becomes the catalyst to bring this realization that his true love is Shanaya. Why has he closed his eyes? His attitude and response towards Shanaya go through a sea of change. Vivan reciprocates and tries to get close to her family too. Although Pooja still has a soft spot for Vivan and cares for him she realises that he wants to spend his life with Shanaya.
Who will be eventually reign on his heart? Will he take the step to make his vows with Shanaya?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Auro (Amitabh Bachchan) is an intelligent and witty 12-year-old boy with an extremely rare genetic disorder called progeria. Mentally he is twelve and very normal, but physically he looks five times older. In spite of his condition, Auro is a very happy boy. He lives with his mother Vidya (Vidya Balan), who is a Gynaecologist. Amol Arte (Abhishek Bachchan) is a young, cold-blooded politician. He is out to prove to the world that "politics" is not a bad word. He is a man with a mission. Auro is Amol's son; however, Vidya conceals this from him. Amol meets Auro when he visits Auro's school as a chief guest. He comes on the occasion of a competition on the "visionary of India". Amol decides Auro as the winner, impressed by the white globe he made. But being with such a big politician Auro was found by the media. The next day the media tries to enter his school. Auro, annoyed at this, sends him an e-mail, which says "I hate you". Amol reads it and takes a restraining order from High Court stating that nobody can disturb him without permission. Auro, relieved, tells him of his desire to visit the president's house. But due Amol's political issues he fails to make it on the decided day. Auro, however, loses confidence in him but later agrees to go to Delhi with him although he now knows that Amol is his father. Though Amol does not know that Auro is his son, he takes him to Delhi to see the president's house. Auro says that he still needs to forgive Amol for his first mistake (not accepting him), but he doesn't tell him what it is. When on his 13th birthday he is in hospital he tells his mistake. Auro tries to get his mother and father back together, but Vidya resists, still hurt by the fact that Amol wanted her to have an abortion when they first found out she was pregnant. Amol realises his mistake though, and proposes to Vidya, as he is still in love with her. He stays by Auro's side when he finds out that Auro is his son. Auro's health begins to deteriorate as he reaches his 13th birthday, his physical defects catching up. However, he is finally able to reunite his mother and father once again as Vidya gives in to her feelings for Amol and her motherly love for Auro. They get married in the hospital a fake one, so they can do the real one later. Auro, succumbing to his disease, says his last words "Maa" to Vidya and "Paa" to Amol before dying with a satisfied smile. The movie ends in the rain with Vidya mourning Auro's death as Amol comforts her as she remembers Auro dancing.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Harpreet Singh Bedi (Ranbir Kapoor), B Com graduate with approximately 39 percent marks becomes a salesman with a big corporate computer assembly and service company, AYS. Within a few days, a client asks for a kick-back.The top salesmen at AYS acquire large client contracts through bribery. In such corrupt company culture, Harpreet's honesty only brings him a demotion and humiliation. After making concessions to a client for the company, Harpreet realizes that sales success is dependent on the customer; so if the customer is satisfied then bribery will not be necessary to secure these contracts. No one agrees with him but Harpreet remains firm on his belief and forms his own company, Rocket Sales Corporation, from within AYS. Rocket Sales is being managed from the AYS offices where the Rocket partners were still employed. Unlike AYS, Rocket Sales Corporation's overall strategic goal is customer service and customer satisfaction as opposed to just selling the product through bribes and providing zero customer service. Other disgruntled employees of AYS find their way to Rocket Sales – a place where even the guy who serves tea is an equal partner because he brings talent to the table.
The five member company targets previous clients of AYS, who were irritated with AYS's attitude and soon enjoys a strong client reputation. The company soon becomes successful because of its dedication to excellent customer service. Although it does not make much profit. Rocket Sales Corp is able to make a huge difference. AYS's sales start decreasing as many the clients cancel their orders and place orders at Rocket Sales, which offers them better services. Harpreet starts a relationship with Sherena, his first client, whose fashion business had failed.
The MD of AYS, Sunil Puri, becomes angered by the small company's success. Puri moves quickly to attempt to contact the MD of Rocket Sales Corporation and in a phone conversation attempts to entice him to sell Rocket Sales Corporation to AYS (he does not know it is Harpreet). Harpreet not only rejects Puri's offer but says that his company will buy AYS Computers. Afraid of Puri's attempts, Harpreet's partners have a discussion and move their headquarters to Sherena's house, making her a partner in the process. After multiple failed attempts in locating the Rocket Sales Corporation office, Puri decides to call the number on Rocket Sales Corporation's brochures and the phone at the AYS reception desk begins to ring. After thoroughly insulting him and firing both him and his partners, the MD has Harpreet sign a contract handing over Rocket Sales to him for a final compensation of Re.1 . However, AYS is unable to maintain Rocket Sales' commitment to customer satisfaction because of its cold and greedy personnel. The MD, realizing his downfall in purchasing Rocket Sales, visits Harpreet at his new job at Croma, an electronics store, and returns the contract to Harpreet in return for Re.1 . He also tells him never to become a businessman again, because he will fail again. However, this is not intended as an insult, but rather as a compliment; he implies that what made Harpreet so successful was his eschewing of 'normal' business practices such as kick-backs, false advertisement, and low wages.
The ending scene is the new Rocket Sales office building where a prospective worker is going in for an interview. The firm is implied to be very successful. It shows the former employees, all partners of the business, and finally closes with Harpreet smiling genially at a desk, showing that eventually honesty and hard work is a sound business decision.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raat Gayi, Baat Gayi? is a film about three couples and a keen observation on modern day marriage. Rahul (Rajat Kapoor) wakes up with a bad hangover after a party the night before. There he had met a sexy young woman - Sophia (Neha Dhupia). They got drunk and there were sparks flying. But Rahul doesn't remember what happened after that. Did they go all the way? His wife, Mitali (Iravati Harshe), is in a particularly bad mood this morning, and Rahul suspects that she might know about his little escapade last night. Rahul starts chasing his night—trying to retrieve it—trying to find out what really happened. His friends Saxena (Dalip Tahil) and Amit (Vinay Pathak) are going through their own marital crises of sorts. Driven to his wit's end, he realizes he must seek Sophia out to restore his sanity
-----------------------------------------------------------
Farhan Qureshi (R Madhavan) and Raju Rastogi (Sharman Joshi) are students at the prestigious Imperial College of Engineering (ICE) who also share a room at the institution's dormitories. Farhan's passion is wildlife photography, but he pursues an engineering degree to appease his father. Raju chooses engineering with hopes of improving his family's financial situation, but his lack of self-confidence results in poor grades. Their third roommate and friend, Ranchoddas "Rancho" Chanchad (Aamir Khan), has an immense interest in engineering, and invents in his spare time. After giving unorthodox answers in class, Rancho faces scrutiny from the college's director, Viru Sahastrabuddhe (Boman Irani), known as "Virus", whose traditional philosophies on education and learning contrast sharply with Rancho's atypical ideas of teaching. Virus is shown to be extremely strict — a trait that indirectly caused his own son's suicide after putting him under excessive pressure.
Rancho eventually falls in love with Pia (Kareena Kapoor), Virus' younger daughter, who is a medical student in residency at the city's hospital. Rancho always scores the highest marks on exams out of his class, much to the dismay of both Virus and Chatur Ramalingam (Omi Vaidya), an arrogant Ugandan-born Tamil student who believes in rote learning, and dislikes Rancho, Farhan, and Raju. One night, Rancho, Farhan, and Raju drunkenly break into the Sahastrabuddhe household to allow Rancho to profess his love to Pia. After discovering their antics, Virus threatens to expel Raju unless he writes a letter blaming Rancho for the break-in. Unwilling to betray Rancho or disappoint his family, Raju unsuccessfully attempts suicide, and ends up in a coma. After intensive care and support from his friends, Raju recovers just before he successfully interviews for a corporate job. Before this Rancho and Pia post Farhan's letter to his favorite photographer. Farhan gets a positive response but fears his father. Rancho then convinces him to go confront his father and his father reluctantly agrees to it.
Unfortunately, Virus gets frustrated at Rancho's influence on Raju and Farhan after knowing all these, and he conspires to deliberately modify the final exams and make it so difficult so that none of them can graduate. However, Pia gives Virus' office duplicate keys to Rancho to enable him to get the exam papers. But Virus finds the trio and expels them. The trio, however, earn a reprieve when Virus' pregnant elder daughter Mona (Mona Singh) goes into labour at the same time a heavy storm cuts off all power and traffic. Despite this, Rancho uses his engineering knowledge to deliver the baby in the college common room. A grateful Virus finally acknowledges Rancho as an extraordinary student, and allows the three to graduate. Rancho then unexpectedly disappears shortly after the ceremony. None of them have heard from Rancho since graduation.
Ten years later, Farhan is a successful wildlife photographer, Raju is doing corporate job and settled in a comfortable lifestyle with his wife and Chatur Ramalingam is a vice president of a corporation in the United States. In present day Farhan is boarding for a flight. Suddenly he gets a call from Chatur telling him that he found Rancho. Farhan causes an emergency landing by faking a heart attack. On the way to the campus, he takes Raju and reaches the campus only to find Chatur but not Rancho. Chatur reveals that Rancho is in Shimla.
Arriving at Shimla, they meet a man with the same name (Javed Jaffrey). From him, they learn that the Rancho they knew was actually "Chhote", an orphaned servant to the Chanchad family household in Shimla. When the real Ranchodas went to London for four years, his father allowed the servant to fill his son's place - including using his son's full name - and take credits for the degree. Ranchodas gives the address of "Chhote" in Ladakh, where he is a school teacher. On the way, the three rescue Pia from her arranged wedding with Suhas Tandon (Olivier Sanjay Lafont) at Manali so that Pia could marry "Rancho".
Upon arrival in Ladakh, the four find the village school where they see young students' inventions resembling Rancho's own college projects. Raju, Farhan, and Pia then happily reunite with Rancho on a sandbar, where Rancho and Pia kiss. Assuming Rancho to just be a school teacher, Chatur forces him to concede that he is less successful than Chatur. Shortly after, Rancho reveals that he became a scientist while also teaching young children when he's not researching, and that his real name is Phunsukh Wangdu. Much to Chatur's horror, this also happens to be the name of an important inventor and business magnate that Chatur had spent a year trying to find and sign a business deal with.
-----------------------------------------------------------
When Sonam (Celina Jaitley) runs over a man Prakash (Farooq Sheikh) on her way home from a party one night she tries to dispose of him so no one will find out. She enlists the help of her drug dealer boyfriend Sid (Abhimanyu Singh). As soon as Sid begins to help the plan goes in an unexpected direction. It is now revealed that Prakash is alive. He, however plasters himself for sometime following to his injuries. Now Sonam finds out that Prakash is alive. To avoid a police case or any other hazard, she plans to kill him at any cost.
-----------------------------------------------------------

The story revolves around Santosh (Rajpal Yadav) who is married to Shanti (Neha Dhupia). Santosh works at a bank in Mumbai and is a very simple man. However, his simplicity and lack of tactfulness often sees him engage in domestic altercations with Shanti. The regular fights start taking their toll on Santosh's work life, also where he is often looked down by his boss Prem (Aashish Chaudhary) who is always bragging about how smooth his own married life is and how understanding his wife Khushi (Amrita Arora) is. But the reality is that his wife also nags him a lot and he is as disturbed at times as Santosh.
The film takes many twists and turns including many scenes in which Santosh imagines that he is the boyfriend or husband of other random women. In the end this lands him in trouble with the police but finally when Shanti bails him out, the two come to terms with each other and realize that such things are a normal part of every marriage and they must learn to live with it.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Humne Jeena Seekh Liya is adapted from a Marathi novel titled Shaala (School), and is a coming of age story of four school friends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ashfaque (Ajay Devgn) is a small town boy aspiring to be a film star in the Hindi film industry. He joins a street theatre group run by a reformed dacoit Sidhu (Pankaj Kapoor), who uses street theatre as a medium to bring about an awakening in the masses. Ashfaque struggles to give a creative vent to the actor in him in order to realise his dreams. Ashfaque's determined struggle pays off and he gets a break in films. He gets a new screen name – Sameer Khan. With the passage of time, he moves up the success ladder in a very short time.
Soon, he becomes Sameer Khan the superstar. Amidst all the adulation and applause, he slowly loses his own identity. He forgets his real self and imbibes all characteristics of the various roles played by him on screen. Corruption overtakes his entire system, alienating him from all loved ones, including his wife Sneha (Vidya Balan).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shankar (Shreyas Talpade), a petty thief, in desperate need of money, steals from the local don (Naseeruddin Shah) and escapes his way into a team of doctors heading for relief work to Bangkok. Unfortunately, he loses the all-important money bag in the chaos.
In Bangkok, his world turns upside down at a massage parlour where he bumps into Jasmine (Lena Christensen). The hitch is, she is all Thai and he can't converse with her at all. A ray of hope comes his way the next day when Jasmine turns up desperately in need of a doctor.
Shankar, posing as a doctor along with the Sardar buddy Rachinder, jumps into this whirlpool, while Jasmine soon gets pulled into his bumbling adventures while running away from the don and his son (Vijay Maurya).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Tulsi tells the story of Tulsi (Manisha Koirala), married to a drunkard Suraj (Irrfan Khan). The couple is blessed with four kids. One evening, while Suraj is away, his friend (Yashpal Sharma) tries to molest Tulsi. When Suraj gets to know of it, he beats Yashpal black and blue. A furious Yashpal swears revenge. In the meanwhile, Tulsi is diagnosed with blood cancer. Yashpal attacks Suraj and murders him. A distraught Tulsi now decides to get her kids adopted by different families before she's gone.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story takes place in Delhi. The film begins when a girl is murdered by an unseen killer. It is learnt that the killer was her fiancé & had acquired evidence about her infidelity. Then, the story shifts to life of Sehar (Ayesha Takia), a voiceover artist. Sehar, who lives alone in a flat, has a friend named Ritu (Anjana Sukhani), who is a fashion designer. Sehar has a rare disorder - her memory blanks out, leaving her clueless about events that took place in a certain time period. Hence, she rarely socializes. But Ritu forcefully takes her to a nightclub.
Sehar had previously met ACP Rajveer Randhawa (Ajay Devgn), a corrupt cop. Unknown to both, their mothers are old friends and want them to get married. Sehar has rejected Rajveer after knowing his truth, but he is smitten. Here, Sehar wakes up in her flat and apparently nothing wrong has happened. But she soon learns that she has missed one whole day. Also, she is being followed by a stranger (Murli Sharma). She runs into two characters, Ballu (Arshad Warsi), a taxi driver asking her a trip fare about which she knows nothing & Kumar (Irrfan Khan), a wannabe actor, who mistakes her for a ghost.
But the plot thickens when Sehar hears some suspicious messages on her answering machine, making her realize that something sinister has happened during the missing Sunday, the day she recalls nothing about. Rajveer comes to rescue, but he comes to the same conclusion as hers. Tests show that Sehar was roofied - most probably in the night club, causing the whole problem. Ballu & Kumar turn out to be red herrings.
Rajveer finds the boys who roofied Sehar, but nothing concrete is found. Just as he is about to accept that Sehar might have killed someone, Sehar is attacked by some goons. The goons fail to kill her, but Rajveer realizes that Sehar might have witnessed a murder. After reconstructing the events at the night out with Ritu, Rajveer finds out that Ballu had left her near a place where a youth was murdered.
Rajveer realizes the implications and sets a trap for the goons. With help of Ballu & Kumar, the goons are finally nabbed & Rajveer learns the truth. He arrests the son of Khurana, a minister, for a double murder. An enraged Khurana demands an explanation. It is revealed that the girl murdered earlier was killed by Khurana's son. After killing her, he waited for few days before killing his own friend, with whom the girl was cheating him. Unfortunately, Sehar was left nearby by Ballu. Khurana's son assumed that she saw the second murder, hence he sent the goons to kill her.
Khurana's son protests until brought face to face with the goons. Khurana has his son arrested. With Sehar safe, the people are still clueless about Sehar's stalker - until the stalker shows up himself. He reveals himself to be a taxi driver. It is revealed that after Khurana's son had seen Sehar, it was this taxi driver who saw Sehar. He realized that she was drugged and managed to get her back to her flat after finding her address. With this final mystery solved, Kumar narrates what happened with everybody, Rajveer and Sehar got married, Ballu now owns a car company, owning hundreds of cars and trucks, and Kumar has become a Bhojpuri superstar, showing that the story ended on a happy note.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Superstar is based on the reality of the entertainment field. Life's essentially about choices. Kunal Mehra (Kunal Khemu) defines the youth of today — he dares: Dares to dream of making it big in Bollywood one day. Kunal wears the tag of a Bollywood struggler lightly, as he knows it is only a matter of time before he makes it into the big league. Until life decides to play a prank on him. The entry of the rich, debonair, Karan (Khemu), in Bollywood as well as his life, crushes all of Kunal's dreams. And suddenly the struggler is transformed into a superstar. Public adulation and unwavering media attention, he receives it all. What will Kunal choose at the moment of reckoning? Truth or dare?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jodhaa Akbar is a sixteenth century love story about a political marriage of convenience between a Mughal emperor, Akbar, and a Rajput princess, Jodhaa. The beautiful and fiery daughter of King Bharmal of Amer, Jodhaa gets betrothed to another Rajput king and her dowry was her father's crown, which will pass to that Rajput king, after his death. Through this arrangement, the son of the elder brother of the king, Sujjamal gets deprived of his rightful throne and he leaves the kingdom angrily to join rebels. But when Mughal empire plans to attack Amer, king Bharmal, resentfully offers his daughter's hand to the emperor himself to avoid war. Akbar agrees to the marriage as it would bring forward a true strong alliance and long lasting peace between the empire and Rajputs. Jodhaa completely resented being reduced to a mere political pawn and she wants to marry Rajput king she was betrothed previously. She writes a letter to Sujjamal, her cousin (whom she sees as her own brother) entreating him to come rescue her from the marriage, she couldn't send it, though. Jodhaa shares all her misery with her mother, who tells her to send a servant girl in her place. Jodhaa replies that it would deceive Akbar and would be death to their kingdom if he finds out. Then, her mother gives her a vial of poison and tells her to use it if a need arises.
After their marriage, Jodhaa acts reluctant with Akbar and they do not consummate their marriage. Later Akbar controls the rebellion and announces that every religion has its rights in his kingdom. Eventually, he becomes the founder of a new religion called Din-e-Ellahi, which combines both Hinduism and Islam.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajan Mathur (Anil Kapoor) is a Urdu professor who lives in Chandni Chowk district in New Delhi, with his wife Roma Mathur (Shefali Shah), who is a social activist and feminist, and their young daughter.
Professor Mathur meets Numair Qazi (Anurag Sinha (actor)), who informs him that he is a victim of communal riots in Gujarat. He is actually a suicide bomber of an Islamic fundamentalist group who has been ordered to set off a bomb near Red Fort during the Independence day celebrations.
Numair wins the trust of the professor and his wife. While assisting Numair to get an entry pass for the celebrations at Red Fort, Professor Mathur introduces him to people living in harmony in Chandni Chowk regardless of faith.
Numair is no longer sure if he should carry out the orders of his superiors or not. Although he is a deep-rooted fundamentalist, he sees this area as colourful and loving. There is no Black and White. Nonetheless, he goes forward to accomplish his mission.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A voice-over by RD (Anil Kapoor) introduces the four main characters: Ranvir Singh "Ronny" (Saif Ali Khan) who runs a successful business he inherited from his father. His younger brother Rajiv Singh (Akshaye Khanna) who mooches off of Ronny and is an alcoholic. Ronny is dating an upcoming model Sonia (Bipasha Basu), while his personal assistant Sophia (Katrina Kaif) appears to be secretly in love with him. Ronny is also involved in an intense competition with a rival horse-owner Kabir (Dalip Tahil). The film opens with a murder plot involving a car accident which Ronny narrowly survives. When Ronny loses money in a race because his jockey had been bribed by Kabir, Ronny plants a bomb in the jockey's car and kills him, showing Ronny to be a ruthless businessman. Later, Ronny also destroys Kabir when the latter offers him money to buy his business, which is in debt.
In a drunken stupor, Rajiv confesses to Ronny that he likes Sonia and that he would quit drinking if he could spend his life with a woman like her. Ronny immediately stops dating Sonia so that Rajiv can have her. Rajiv and Sonia begin dating and appear happy until, in a twist, Rajiv reveals he knows of Sonia's shady past and has a plan to use Sonia to his advantage. Rajiv reveals that his father had secured identical life-insurance policies for huge sums on each of the sons. He explains that he wants to kill Ronny in what would appear to be an accident and inherit $100 million in insurance payments and wants Sonia to play along. Sonia agrees to help in exchange for $20 million. They pretend to get married and Rajiv ignores Sonia in this fake-marriage while continuing to play an alcoholic. As per his instructions, Sonia seduces Ronny who confesses he loved her all along. Rajiv reveals the rest of his plan: to threaten to commit suicide in response to Sonia and Ronny's affair by leaping off a tall building, have Ronny appear on the terrace, and get Sonia to push Ronny off. However, it turns out Ronny was aware of the plan all along as Sonia had been keeping him updated, having always been in league with him. They then plan to apparently kill Rajiv, using his own plan against him.
Things go according to plan but Sonia double-crosses Ronny and pushes him off, saying she loved him, but the money was more important. Inspector RD appears at this point to investigate the death, accompanied by his idiotic assistant Mini (Sameera Reddy). Upon his arrival, he immediately suspects foul-play in the death. During his investigation, Ronny's assistant Sophia reveals that she was married to Ronny and produces a legitimate marriage certificate. Sonia is shocked that their plan has been thwarted as Sophia is now the heir to the insurance money. In another twist, Sophia was in on the plan all along and is Rajiv's secret collaborator. Rajiv plans to bump off Sonia after he and Sophia get the insurance money. However, RD figures out during his investigation that Sophia and Rajiv had faked her marriage with Ranvir and that he had been tricked into signing the marriage certificate. RD confronts Rajiv about this and agrees to remain silent about it in exchange for $25 million.
Rajiv hires the same hitman who had attempted to murder Ronny at the beginning to kill Sonia, revealing that he had been behind the first murder attempt, too. Sonia is lured into following Rajiv and Sophia to a parking lot where the hitman attacks her. Just as the hitman is about to kill her, Ronny reappears and rescues her, killing the hitman in the process.
Later, when Rajiv and Sophia plan to celebrate, Ronny appears and confronts them. He explains that he had overheard Rajiv discussing the failed murder attempt with the hitman and had been playing along the whole time so he could get the insurance money from his own fake-death along with the insurance money from killing Rajiv. Discovering that Rajiv's hatred towards him as a step brother was his main reason for doing this, he allows Rajiv one last chance to win by agreeing to a car race. Ranvir shows up to the race in a sports car, whilst Rajiv doesn't. When Rajiv protests, he switches cars with Ranvir. This turns out to be a trick as Rajiv had tampered with the brakes on his own car. Ronny, in turn, lies to Rajiv, claiming he had planted a bomb in his car, similar to the one that killed the jockey, and that it would be detonated if Rajiv ever slowed down below 100 mp/h. This causes Rajiv to crash into a petroleum tank, killing him and Sophia, who had been riding with him. Ronny narrowly escapes death himself. Ronny then says that there was no bomb in the car, and that Rajiv had "killed himself".
In the end, Ronny collects the insurance money from Rajiv and Sophia's death, along with the money from his own fake-death. Upon fleeing the city, he is stopped by Inspector RD, who had been in on the plan, too, and had helped Ronny fake his death and get the insurance money. Inspector RD takes his $25 million, only to find a bomb in the bag along with the money. The bomb does not detonate, and Ronny reveals that it was a mere precaution to see if RD would try to betray him and take all the money. Ranvir rewards RD for his relative honesty by allowing him to live, and the two drive off in opposite directions while RD hopes to never meet him again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Major Siddhant Chaudhary (Rahul Bose) and Major Akash Kapoor (Javed Jaffrey) are lawyers in the Indian Army and are close friends. They are on opposite sides of a case where a soldier Captain Javed Khan (Deepak Dobriyal) kills his commanding officer Major Rathod (Pankaj Tripathi). The accused is mysteriously silent and not willing to talk about the incident. Siddhant, who is the defense counsel, is apathetic at first but starts taking a keen interest in the case after meeting Kavya (Minissha Lamba), a journalist who demonstrates that the case is not as simple as it seems. The underlying theme in the movie is Siddhant's gradual understanding of what Shaurya means (his father was himself a decorated army veteran), and the resulting conflict with Brigadier Rudra Pratap Singh (Kay Kay Menon). In the End, It is revealed that Maj. Rathod, while conducting a search operation in a village, roughed up and killed a villager, and threatened a little girl without any fear because he had backing from Brigadier Rudra Pratap Singh. Enraged and fearing for the girl's life, Capt. Javed shot him. The movie ends with a climax where eventually, Capt. Javed is acquitted of his charges and given back his honor, as a result of which, he is back in service with full ranks and respect and a criminal case is filed against Brigadier Rudra Pratap Singh.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raja (Arshad Warsi) has a temper problem, Gangadhar (Rajpal Yadav) has an obsession of freedom, Dr. Mukherjee (Irrfan Khan), is a clean freak and Dabboo (Suresh Menon), has not spoken in years. Dr. Sonali (Juhi Chawla) is treating all four of them.
While Raja is diagnosed with Intermittent Explosive Disorder due to his sudden anger at the slightest provocation, schizophrenic Gangadhar is living in the past where he shares friendships with Jawaharlal Nehru, Mahatma Gandhi, Lokamanya Tilak and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. He seems busy in fighting for the country's freedom, which was achieved long back. Dr. Mukherjee is a perfect doctor and always keeps himself tidy and prim. He has been diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder. Dabboo suffers from Selective Mutism. He has not spoken for years, and appears frightened all the time. He is loved by one and all.
Dr. Sonali negotiates with the mental hospital's top doctors to allow her to take the four of them for a cricket match between India and England which is being held on Independence Day. She eventually manages to get permission and the four of them get ready. The following morning, she takes them to the match and on the way stops at her clinic to pick up some important papers. She tells the group to stay in the car.
After a while, Dabboo gets out of the car and goes to a spot nearby to pee. From there, he watches Dr. Sonali being kidnapped by thugs. He notices one of the faces as a thug removes his mask. Dabboo then goes back to the car where his friends realize that something is wrong from the expression on his face, but soon ignore it as Dabboo cannot speak.
As time goes on, the four become bored. One by one, all of them except Dabboo get out of the car to look for Dr. Sonali. They split up and go to different places. Meanwhile, Dr. Sonali is being bribed to sign papers for declaring a criminal called Rana as insane at a hospital at 11 am the following day. As Raja searches for her, he passes by a store where there is a TV set showing a news report about Independence Day. Raja notices that the woman who is speaking is actually his ex-girlfriend, Shikha (Dia Mirza), who he had lost a long time ago. He tracks her, and the two have a tearful reunion.
Raja decides to go to Shikha's house to apologize to her father (Kenneth Desai), as he had been rude to him the last time they had met. He however meets Shikha's new boyfriend Pranav to who she will be engaged and married to soon. Raja becomes angry and starts beating Pranav up, and is once again thrown out of the house. Meanwhile, Gangadhar returns after having followed some school children singing Jana Gana Mana, and accidentally bumps into Dr. Mukherjee. They realise that the car is gone. Raja then returns and goes with the group to a nearby traffic station, where they find Dabboo and register a complaint that Dr. Sonali is missing.
Raja then comes up with the idea that they should call up Sonali's husband, R K Sanyal (Rajat Kapoor), and tell him what has happened. They get his number from the traffic station and find out that he is at a hotel. They find him there but he receives a call from a man who tells him that Sonali has been captured and is safe which leads the team to realize that he was behind the kidnapping. They are caught by the same man who Dabboo saw kidnapping Sonali. They manage to escape and head off to Shikha's office, begging her to help them. She reluctantly agrees, and they kidnap Sanyal at the Star Awards function. They make him announce that he will pay Rs50 million to anyone who finds Sonali. Sanyal then escapes but this is just part of the plan as they have hidden a camera that films what he does and says.
Then, they go to Pranav's office and beg him to play the video as he works with Shikha, but he doesn't agree. They however play the tape and a very distressed husband and his partner watch it. The next day, a taxi driver picks up four people who have found Dr. Sonali and he immediately recognizes who she is and takes the four men to a village close by where they are captured and put into the earth like seeds. He then calls them and tells the four about the news. When they arrive at the scene, they find her missing again. They eventually find her wrapped in a bag and walk away only to be caught by the board of directors but escape after Sonali again when she suddenly disappears.
She gets into the car which her husband's partner is driving and goes to the hospital. The four follow her in an auto and arrive at the hospital moments later after Sonali was dropped off there. Dr. Mukherjee runs somewhere in the building leaving the others lost. When Sonali goes to the room where Rana is being held, the other three turn out to be the doctors who are also meant to examine Rana shortly joined by Dr. Mukherjee who ran off to see his wife who worked in the same hospital. They then torture him by injecting him with needles, electrocuting him and by giving him a heart shock. They then explain to Sonali that her husband was the one that kidnapped her and that it was just a trick to get her to do what they wanted. They then catch the criminals responsible and the movie ends when all of them go back home.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts with Ajay (Ajay Devgan) telling his son that he should make his move on a girl he likes. The son tells him that if he can go woo another older lady, he will tell the girl he likes about his feelings. Ajay goes to the woman and starts telling her a story. Gradually, everyone around them starts listening and the scene goes to a flashback 25 years before. A younger Ajay is on a cruise with four of his friends. Nikhil (Sumeet Raghavan) and Reena (Divya Dutta), an unhappily married couple whilst Jeetu (Karan Khanna) and Natasha (Isha Sharvani) are a happily unmarried couple. On the cruise, Ajay meets Piya (Kajol) at the ship's bar and falls in love with her.
While he is intoxicated, he buys drinks for everyone at the bar. Then there is a song, then Ajay blacks out. In the morning, Piya goes to deliver the bill to Bar guy and Ajay says he is still in love with her. Now Ajay is head over heels in love with Piya, but she won't accept him. He wants her by hook or by crook, even peeking into private journal, so he dances his way into her heart by learning that she has always wanted to learn how to dance. He takes lessons from his friend, and gives Piya lessons. The two finally fall in love. But then later, Piya finds out that he looked in her private journal and she yells at him. He leaves, but leaves her his number in case she changes her mind.
While at their new home, at an early hour in the morning, Ajay calls his friends to come to his house. While driving there, we see how Ajay has tried to win Piya back by getting her favourite dog (even though he hates them) and other things. When they go inside, they find Piya and Ajay, getting married. They are all surprised and delighted. Ajay and Piya love each other, and they soon start a wish list, which they write on their bedroom wall. The first wish is to go on a cruise on their 25th anniversary. But after a few months, Piya goes out for shopping, but forgets everything, including where she lives. When she is screaming for help in the middle of the road in the rain, Ajay finds her and tells her their house was right in front of her. They go to the doctor's and Ajay finds out Piya has Alzheimer's and that she is pregnant. The problem is, pregnancy only exacerbates her Alzheimer's. So, while Piya is pregnant, Ajay must keep a close eye on her or else Piya might hurt the baby. As time goes on, the baby is born, and Piya's condition worsens. Finally, Ajay has no choice but to put Piya in a home for people with problems. Ajay is hurt, but he doesn't know what to do. Meanwhile, Nikhil and Reema have learned to love again, and tell Ajay to go get her back. Suddenly, Ajay realises what he has done, and runs back to the home and wins Piya's heart back.
The story ends with Ajay saying that the best thing he had ever done was bringing Piya back home. He says that it is a special day when she can remember things, and bonus days when she remembers him. The elderly woman to whom Ajay was telling the story remarks, "Well, this is your bonus day." It turns out that the elderly woman is Piya, and she and Ajay are celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary on a cruise with their son, just what they had wished for.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mumbai, the commercial capital of India, is a city that never sleeps. Rapidly changing at a feverish pace with every passing second, it is always on the move and so are the people living in it. In this story, we take an insight into the lives of the people living in this city and how the pace of the city affects their relationships and how they deal with it. No matter what happens life has to go on.
This is also a story of four couples and their lives in a metropolitan city. They belong to different social and financial strata and every one has got its own problems to deal with. What one couple has, the other doesn't? Each couple looks at the other couple and wishes that if only they had what the other couple does, their life would be a bed of roses, be it on a monetary level or on moral terms. What seems to be a major and almost insoluble problem for the first couple is just a petty issue for the second. Similarly, second couple's serious problem is not looked upon as a problem at all by the first and likewise so, with the other two couples. In a pursuit to achieve what they lack and in a desperate search of that one thing that would solve all their problems, they find themselves lost in the ever moving crowd, where no one has time for themselves, leave aside the cares of the world.
In due course of time, all four couples come together with a distant vision of that one event which would end all their problems and set them free. Is it reality or just a figment of their vivid imagination?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jimmy Cliff (Saif Ali Khan) is a call center executive who also teaches English. Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor) shows up outside his class and says she needs private tutoring. Without any hesitation, Jimmy quickly agrees as he has already fallen in love with her; he later finds out that Pooja's boss Lakhan Singh Ballebaaz a.k.a. Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor) is the one who has to be tutored. As their love grows, Pooja reveals that she is only working for Bhaiyyaji to pay her debts so she can then go to Haridwar to scatter her father's ashes. They decide to steal Bhaiyyaji's money and run away. The couple succeeds in their mission, and Jimmy asks Pooja to guard the money while he goes to the call center to tell them he is leaving.
At the call center, Jimmy learns that Bhaiyyaji is a maverick gangster who enjoys killing people and goes home to warn Pooja. Unexpectedly, Pooja has run away with all the money and she meets a bank manager to deposit the money in bank locker. He initially disagrees and Pooja puts her hands inside his pocket and he agrees. Bhaiyyaji hires Bachchan Pandey (Akshay Kumar), a gangster, to catch Jimmy. After getting caught, Jimmy and Bachchan head towards Haridwar to find Pooja and recover Bhaiyyaji's money. When they reach there, Pooja sees them and runs away. Unable to find Pooja there, Jimmy and Bachchan set off to find her again. While on the road, the duo get into a silly fight about the radio station and their car falls into the water.
Along with Jimmy and Bachchan, Pooja comes out of the water too. She had been hiding in their trunk the whole time. She tells them that she has hidden the money in seven different places across India. Jimmy and Pooja decide to run away with the money. The duo decide that Pooja should seduce Bachchan just like she did Jimmy. She tries to seduce him but finds out that they are each other's childhood loves, and they both fall in love. After recovering all of the money, Bachchan decides to leave with it, not knowing that Jimmy has replaced the money with stones.
When Pooja realises what he has done, she tells Jimmy the truth about Bhaiyyaji killing her father. To save Bachchan, Pooja and Jimmy head to Bhaiyyaji's lair with the money. When they get there, Jimmy pretends to betray Pooja and slaps Bachchan. He tells Bhaiyyaji to give him his gun so that he can kill Bachchan. After getting the gun, Jimmy instead points it to Bhaiyyaji and takes him hostage. He heads towards a car with Pooja and Bachchan following him. Surrounded by Bhaiyyaji's henchmen with guns, Bhaiyyaji manages to jump out of the car and everybody begins shooting at them. After a lengthy fight scene, Bhaiyyaji is killed by Pooja who stabs him with a knife. In the end, Jimmy opens up his own call centre, where only girls work, and Bachchan and Pooja get married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gopi, a simpleton, arrives in Goa from A hamlet(small village) in India Hoshiyarpur, to hand over a tiny piece of land to his dad's friend son Kishen, which was his father’s last wish. Kishen, now a conman, swindles people with a little help from his accomplice, Babu, to earn enough money to educate his sister Divya who’s studying in London. When Kishen gets to know that Gopi has reached Goa to meet him, he avoids him. Only because he thinks that he is a gang member then when he finds out the truth. he doesn’t want to give up his flourishing business and travel to Hoshiyarpur just to take possession of a measly piece of land! However, Gopi is adamant to take Kishen back and is aided by Tanya(whom he meets later in the movie), daughter of the owner of KG Resorts. Little do they realise that three girls are staying at KG Resorts with stolen diamond worth crores. When Kishen, Babu and everyone else learn about this they all make a mad rush for KG Resorts. Gopi finds himself a part of the gang.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In this film, a young woman's body in cold blood is recovered by the assistant commissioner of police (Rahul Dev). All the clues (including a purse) where the girl's body was found point to Jimmy (Mimoh Chakraborty) as the killer. To everyone's surprise, including his girlfriend and mother, he confesses to the crime of killing Rithu Bhatnagar to Rahul Dev in the police station. An automobile mechanic by profession and a dance heartthrob of everyone by night, Jimmy works as a DJ in the local dance club to pay off the debts left behind by his late father. Jimmy owns up to the murder and is sentenced to death. Why would a young man on the threshold of life commit such a heinous crime? What is the real motive behind it? Only Jimmy knows the truth, if he is not the murderer, then he knows who is. In a sudden twist of fate, Jimmy realizes in jail that he has been drawn into a vicious conspiracy. But it is too late... or is it? What follows is a spine-chilling suspense that unfolds in this fast-paced saga of crime, deceit and murder.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story focuses on Aman Sharma a.k.a. Banku (Aman Siddiqui), who has recently shifted into an old bungalow in Goa, with his parents, Aditya (Shah Rukh Khan) and Anjali (Juhi Chawla). His father Aditya is an engineer on a cruise line, and therefore moves with his cruise. They are made aware that the bungalow is haunted, but they disregard this. Banku is enrolled in St. Francis High School, and Anjali hires a kindhearted and comedic drunken thief, Anthony (Rajpal Yadav), as a servant to clean the house. One night, Banku goes down to the living room to have some ice cream when he sees a shadow on the wall. Frightened, he calls out to his mother, before seeing that the bowl in which he was having ice cream has vanished. Later, Banku returns and passes a sleeping Anjali to investigate. He then sees the ghost of Kailash Nath (Amitabh Bachchan) and then they start arguing on whether Kailash is a ghost or an angel (according to Banku, who constantly persists that Nath is an angel rather than a ghost). Banku nicknames him Bhootnath as Kailash says that he is a bhooth (ghost) and also says that "Nath" is his last name.
Since the ghost of Kailash does not want anybody to occupy his house, he tries different ways to scare Banku and his mother, but Banku considers him as an angel and treats him like a friend. Soon, Bhoothnath accepts by Banku's innocent love after a minor incident, as Banku fell from the stairs for which Bhoothnath is responsible for.
The two become friends and thoroughly enjoy the company of one another. It is at this point that Bhoothnath's son returns from the United States and plans to sell off the bungalow. Angered, Bhoothnath scares the buyers, but Anjali comes to know about the existence of him. He then tells his story to Banku and Anjali about his flashback, how his son deserted him at a time of need for him, along with the story of his death. He had a happy family consisting him, son Vijay, wife Nirmal, his daughter-in-law, and his grandson Vibhut. He explains that his son had attempted to sell the house, but Bhoothnath forbade him. Vijay's wife was desperate to get to America as soon as possible. Bhoothnath begs his son to stay behind, but Vijay refused. On the day they were about to leave, Bhoothnath's grandson begged to stay with his grandfather, but was taken away. Bhoothnath attempts one last time to stop his son, but as he hurried down the stairs, his foot slips on a step and he falls to the ground, and he dies instantly.
Two seconds after that, Bhoothnath, unaware that he has just died, rises into his ghost body, tries to stop Vijay, who is entering the taxi, one last time, but Vijay does not see or hear his father, and leaves the bungalow to go to America. Bhoothnath sighs, walks inside and immediately discovers his own dead body lying at the foot of the stairs.
Later, Aditya and Anjali decide to perform the final rites of Bhoothnath to give him Moksha or salvation. It is performed by Banku and Bhoothnath bids an emotional farewell to Banku. By this time, Bhoothnath's son also comes to know of his fault and apologises.
In the end, Banku, who is sad that Bhoothnath is no more, sees Bhoothnath again, who says that he is always there for him and makes Banku promise not to tell his parents about his return and also requests the viewers the same. Vijay, along with his wife and son, reside in Nath Villa with Banku and his parents permanently.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around a man who is caught in a quagmire of crime and consumerism as he struggles to find heaven on earth.
The story revolves around Arjun (Emraan Hashmi), a street-smart young conman with an obsession for making a quick buck. He has a chance meeting with a girl at a mall and falls in love at first sight. Zoya was gazing at a ring placed inside showcase protected by glass and hoping to acquire this ring. He breaks the glass to grab the ring she was looking at, that leads him to be caught by the security guards patrolling in the mall. He is arrested and handed over to the police. Inspector Ajay (Sameer Kochhar) is amused but lets him go with a warning as he knows Arjun's father. Zoya (Sonal Chauhan) gives him the reasons he was looking for to move out of his ordinary life and become rich for this girl. He steps up from playing small-time card games to becoming a bookie and strikes gold.
After impressing Zoya with his wealth, he calls his father for lunch in his new house. His father, a simple man who has lived an honest life, is happy to see Arjun's success but is skeptical of his business methods. He has a private talk with Zoya and tells her Arjun was a habitual and a smooth liar while he was growing up. He warns there is no business where a man can make huge amounts of cash in such a short period. Later that day when Zoya questions Arjun, he is offended and blames his father's failure in life for his resentment towards him.
Arjun is whisked off to South Africa where he meets Don Abu Ibrahim * (Javed Sheikh) and becomes his key match fixer. Rolling in money and enjoying a fast life with Zoya everything is suddenly interrupted when the South African Police takes notice. Inspector Raina, who is now an ACP with CBI, is summoned for assisting the investigation. He is puzzled to see Arjun with the Don in South Africa. He pays Zoya a visit and informs her of Arjun's shady activities and how the money earned by match fixing is used by Abu Ibrahim to finance terrorism around the world. Zoya is furious and confronts Arjun leading him to walk out of the house. Zoya speaks to Arjuns father who verifies ACP Ajay is an honest man and most probably speaking the truth and requests Zoya to leave Arjun if she can't get him to change his dishonest ways. Arjun is called by Zoya to a restaurant where he is nabbed by ACP Raina as it was a trap to get him to confess his crimes.
Arjun is sentenced to 5 years imprisonment. Don Abu Ibrahim uses his influence to get him out of prison as the World Cup is nearing, and he plans to use Arjun's skills to make money out of betting and match fixing. Arjun is released in 6 months and he meets ACP Ajay outside who warns him to mend his ways again. Arjun tries high and low to search for Zoya, but she is nowhere to be found. He finally spots her working as an exotic dancer in a bar where he is discussing match fixing strategies with a known cricket player. Arjun and Zoya are re-united and she pleads with him to take up some honest employment. Arjun relents and starts working as a bar tender.
All is good for a while, and Zoya is pregnant. Don Abu Ibrahim visits him and promises him a big villa with 150 acres of land if he will fix matches for Ibrahim in the coming World Cup. Arjun is torn and confused and decides to participate in this last operation so that he has enough money for the future. Zoya overhears him speaking to a bookie and is disgusted. She leaves the house.The next day the coach of a cricket team catches Arjun red handed handing over money to his players for throwing the match. A shoot out ensues and the coach is shot by the dons henchman. Arjun is chased by ACP Raina and the cops and is shot in the shoulder. He calls Zoya and pleads to meet with her one last time before surrendering. Cornered with Zoya, Arjun surrenders with the cops pointing their gun at him. Arjun notices his ring that fell down from his pocket and bends to retrieve it . The cops, assuming he is going for his gun, shoot and Arjun is killed.
Zoya and her son are shopping in a supermarket. Zoya is unable to pay the full amount as she is short on cash. Her son knowingly discards the toy enabling her to pay the bill. She hugs and smiles thinking if Arjun wasn't so greedy he would be alive today.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Don Muthu Swami is a comical tale of a Don, pushed to choose the path of Ahimsa by his dying father to change from Don Muthuswami to Sir Muthuswami.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Zara Kampani (Neha Oberoi) meets Sameer (Sikandar Kher) in a pub and lands in his flat asking him to kidnap her so that she can test her husband, Jatin's (Arbaaz Khan) love. Samir can’t refuse because he is in desperate need of money. He hasn’t paid his rent for months and has to return a huge sum of money to a bhai (Gulshan Grover).
Zara takes Sameer to Woodstock Villa, the location of the kidnapping. Sameer orders Jatin to hand over 5 million to him. After returning, Sameer discovers Zara dead. An anonymous caller then threatens him that he has only 30 minutes to bury the body and clear up all the evidence. He disposes her body in a forest and returns.
To be on the safer side, he goes to Bangalore. Sameer sees Zara's video on television and heads back to find the truth. He finds Zara and convinces her to tell him the truth. Zara reveals that she and Jatin truly loved each other. Once in a fight, Jatin's real wife, Zara, accidentally died and as her and Zara's face was quite similar, she played the role of Zara. The kidnapping plan was hatched by Jatin and his girlfriend to get out of this murder and trap somebody else. Sameer calls Jatin to Woodstock Villa with the money and he pays his rent and loan.
He goes to the airport while Jatin gets caught by the police. Jatin tells the police that he is not the only one to commit the crime. Sameer gives the bag of money to Zara but there was no money inside that bag, he took the real bag of money. The ball was in Zara's court. If she would have boarded the plane, Sameer would have trusted her. She decided to cheat Sameer and got cheated herself. Sameer's flight takes off while Jatin's partner gets arrested.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with Dr. Aamir Ali (Rajeev Khandelwal) returning to Mumbai on vacation. Upon arrival at the airport, an unknown person hands him a cellphone. The caller asks him to follow instructions. Though initially reluctant, he sees a video in the phone and realises that his family has been kidnapped. Not sure what to do, he hesitantly agrees to follow the instructions when told that his family will be released if he does so.
The instructor asks Aamir Ali to think of Islam and wants him to do something for his religion rather than work and live in a foreign country. He is then made to go a hotel, where he is given an address. From there, he goes to a PCO and calls an anonymous number, which is in Pakistan. He is asked to stay in a lodge, where a lame man asks him to follow him. Aamir is then led to a house where he is given a red briefcase. Initially thinking the briefcase is a bomb, he opens it and finds that it is full of money. From the lodge, he is asked to catch a particular bus at a designated time.
He leaves to catch the bus, but on the way his briefcase gets stolen. Realizing that the only way to save his family is to get back the briefcase, he enlists the help of a prostitute whom he met at the lodge. After finding the place, he fights back and takes the briefcase. He then hurries to catch the bus. Once inside the bus, he is told to put the briefcase underneath his seat and leave. Aamir now realises that his briefcase has been switched. Instead of money, they have put a bomb inside it. He begins to hallucinate and boards the bus once again, taking the briefcase. He then clears an area asking everyone to stay clear by saying he has a bomb in his hands. He holds on to the briefcase tightly and begins to think of his family. The bomb blasts, killing Aamir.
The antagonist who instructs him to do this weeps upon hearing his plan of creating a terrorist has been ruined. The film ends with a reporter reporting live from the spot, saying "A terrorist was killed in a bomb attack. But why he decided to kill only himself is unknown."
-----------------------------------------------------------
The sequel is chronologically set two years after the original film. Anita Rajan (Aishwarya Rai Bachchan), CEO of an international electrical power firm based in London, holds a meeting with Mike Rajan (Victor Banerjee), her father and boss and Hassan Qazi(Govind Namdeo), as a seemingly shady adviser and facilitator; regarding an ambitious proposal to set up a multimillion-dollar power plant in rural parts of the state of Maharashtra in India.
Qazi states that this project will be impossible due to possible political entanglements. When Anita asks him for a solution, Qazi states that enlisting the support of Subhash Nagre (Amitabh Bachchan) (commonly referred to by his title of Sarkar), who he describes as a criminal in the garb of a popular and influential political leader, might help their cause. They approach Sarkar with the idea of this project who at first refutes but agrees when Shankar (Abhishek Bachchan) convinces him of the benefits of the project to whole Maharashtra. Shankar advises Anita to stay away from Qazi, as he is not trustworthy. Qazi joins hands with Kaanga (Sayaji Shinde), who wants to become the C.M. of Maharashtra but could not as Sarkar supports Shinde (Shishir Sharma). Shankar and Anita begin campaigning in Thackerwadi to gain support of local public for the project.During their chat Shankar mentions that his toughest decision of life was to kill his own elder brother Vishnu, Anita tells that her father never saw her as a daughter and was her boss. Sanjay Somji (Rajesh Shringarpure), leader of farmer's association is shown to be protesting the Nagre's. Meanwhile Avanti, now Shankar's wife reveals to him that she is two months pregnant, Shankar also has growing friction in relationship with old family aid Chander (Ravi Kale).One morning car with Avanti blasts due to a bomb in their villa and on seeing this ,Sarkar who is shaken suffers a shock and is admitted to a hospital. Shankar replaces Bala (Sumit Nijhawan) as head over Chander (Ravi Kale), and asks him to quickly find out about the attack. Kantilal Vohra (Upendra Limaye) come to Sarkar requesting him to shift the project to Gujarat. As Sarkar refuses, Vohra, Kaanga, Qazi, are shown together hatching a plan. Chander calls up Shankar telling Qazi was behind the blast, Shankar shoots Qazi in his house. Mike comes to India and is seen to be meeting Vohra discussing about eliminating Shankar as, they both want only profit and Shankar aims for development for 40,000 villagers living in Thackerwadi also.
Vohra and Kaanga now hire a hit-man to kill Shankar for 5-Crore. As Shankar and Anita are in a garden with Anita warning Shankar ,the hitman shoots Shankar 6 bullets, who later succumbs to his injuries in hospital. A furious Subash suspecting Vohra kidnaps him. Sarkar tells Anita that his men have killed-Kaanga, Chander, Vohra and her father who was in London as revenge. He also tells her that these people were just pawns and the mastermind behind all this was his own guru,Rao Sahab (Dilip Prabhawalkar) who wanted his grandson Somji to take over Shankar. His guru comes to home to pay tributes to Shankar, where Sarkar shows him his dead grandson. The film ends with Anita as the new Sarkar
-----------------------------------------------------------
Janaradhan Wishvanbhar Rane (Paresh Rawal) is a widower who has spent his life bringing up his two kids, Chirag (Manoj Joshi) and Gaurav (Akshaye Khanna). Janaradhan has done everything to bring them up in the best possible manner, ever since they were toddlers.
Now the duo has grown up, and Gaurav has taken up the responsibility for his father. They manage the household chores and their business to the best of their abilities. He treats his father as his son. Gaurav is on his guard with the vigilance of a disciplined parent. He shouts, threatens, fights, and even locks up his father occasionally so that Rane's best friend Madhav Mathur — who is a divorcé and desperate to get married — does not spoil him. Madhav and Janaradhan who are always in search of a bride for Madhav forever land up in trouble and Gaurav always has to bail them out and face embarrassment.
Gaurav, busy managing his business, starts getting prank calls from a girl who turns out to be his old college friend Shikha Kapoor (Genelia D'Souza). Sheekha is staying with her guardian Anuradha (Shobana) who was Janardhan's first love. Gaurav and Shikha notice changes in the behaviour of Janaradhan and Anuradha when they come face to face after many years. They learn about their past relationship. Now Gaurav wants his father to get married to his lost love. Gaurav and Shikha embark upon a rib-tickling journey to arrange his father's and her guardian's love marriage and, in the process, find soul mates in each other. Although the path is not so smooth; with obstacles, Madhav's desperate desire for a bride comes in handy.
However, Shikha's father (Naseeruddin Shah), seemingly not pleased with the fact that his daughter will be marrying into a family 'where the father in law is arranging his own honeymoon', threatens the termination of Gaurav's relationship with Shikha. In addition, Chirag's wife (Arzoo Gowitrikar) and her family also show their anger at such a relationship. Despite all these, after a chain of events, Gaurav gets Rane married to Anuradha, against the wishes of many. However, at the end, Shikha's father reveals that in fact, if Gaurav had decided not to conduct his father's remarriage and courted Shikha instead, he would actually have been very disappointed. The film ends with Shikha's father giving Shikha's hand to Gaurav.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rahul (Sikandar Kher), Priyanka (Yuvika Chaudhary), Qateel (Arjan Bajwa), Bagani (Alekh Sangal) and Vishaka (Gul Panag) are medical college students with carefree attitudes. Rahul and Priyanka's failed relationship is shown in flashbacks. Rahul argues with an independent candidate and plans to make a political party and contest the college elections. Later he patches up with a bigger political party and gets the independent candidate arrested in fraud case of suicide attempt by his girlfriend. After that Rahul doesn't want to back off from elections. To avert this they plan to go for internship. The group goes to a village in rural Maharashtra that is struck by farmer suicide. There they work as medical interns in the village hospital. The group plans a vacation to Goa until they are awoken to the plight of the poverty-ridden villagers by the village doctor, Mukya (Ashutosh Rana). In addition to their torment, a cruel zamindar (Vikram Gokhale) and his son (Prosshant Narayanan) trouble the villagers with excessive interest rates.
As a solution, a reformed criminal (Sachin Khedekar) offers monetary aid to the oppressed in form of microcredit loans. This comes as an able ally to students who vow to help the villagers. However, naxalites and corrupt politicians complicate their efforts. How these socially-awakened students rise above these problems forms the rest of the story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Abhishek 'Abhi' (Aftab Shivdasani), Paglu (Ritesh Deshmukh) and Amrita 'Amu' (Ayesha Takia) are best friends since childhood. Abhi's father (Anupam Kher) is a very rich businessman, and his only son has no interest in work. Abhi has had many girlfriends, but none of them lasted long. Paglu and Abhi's father tells Amu to marry Abhi because they know each other very well. One day Abhi comes and tells Amu that he loves someone that is his childhood friend; Amu thinks that she is the girl whom Abhi loves and she, too, falls in love with him.
Abhi later reveals that Kartika (Rimi Sen) is whom he loves.. Karthika is actually after his money. Amu is heartbroken. Amu and Paglu start hating her and try to get them separated. Abhi gets angry with them and decides to marry her in another country. At the airport Amu hits Kartika and she falls unconscious. Amu and Paglu kidnap Kartika and force her to write a letter to Abhi saying that she doesn't love him. Paglu tells Abhi that Amu is the right girl for her, and Abhi falls in love with her. Paglu, with Karthika still kidnapped, finds out that her name is Anjali, not Karthika. She is not in love with Abhi but with his money, and she has a history of cheating people for money. Paglu then frees her and she tells Abhi about the kidnapping. Abhi is unhappy hearing this and decides to marry Karthika anyway. On the wedding day, Paglu tries to stop them from getting them married by bringing all the people she cheated; Abhi gets angry and tells Paglu and Amu to get out. The next day, Abhi comes back, apologizes to them and says that he isn't married. He tells them that yesterday when they left Anjali told him that she has learned a lot from the time Paglu and Amu kept her in captivity. She apologizes that she can't marry him and that Amu is the right girl for him. Abhi proposes to Amu. Later, Paglu ends up with the changed Anjali.
-----------------------------------------------------------
While traveling by train Shekhar attempts to woo Sanjana Sharma, but finds out she had given her heart to a former boyfriend, Rohit, who is no more. Both share some misadventures en route to Simla, and upon arrival Shekhar openly declares his love for her knowing fully that this decision will bring nothing but heartbreak for him
-----------------------------------------------------------
Via Darjeeling is the story of a honeymooning couple Ankur (Kay Kay Menon) and Rimli (Sonali Kulkarni) who are very much in love. On the day of their departure from Darjeeling, Ankur disappears mysteriously leaving Rimli all alone frantically searching for him. Here enters the policeman Robin Dutt (Vinay Pathak) who tries to trace Ankur, but in vain. The story then moves onto a group of friends partying and having a good time, where Robin who is one of the guests narrates the story of Ankur and Rimli to his friends. How each one of them make their own interpretations as to what happened to Ankur makes the movie an interesting watch.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story begins in an airport, when Jignesh a.k.a. Jiggy (Nirav Mehta), Ravindran a.k.a. Rotlu (Karan Makhija), Sandhya a.k.a. Bombs (Alishka Varde), and Shaleen (Sugandha Garg) offer to tell Mala (Renuka Kunzru), Jiggy's friend and crush, the tale of Jai and Aditi, a love story with joys and sorrows, happiness and heartbreak, laughter, songs, and fights, and...a climax at the airport. Mala is initially uninterested in the story and hates love stories in general, but still agrees to listen as the flight carrying the friends they have come to receive is late.
Meet Jai Singh Rathore, a.k.a. 'Rats (Imran Khan), the most non-violent Rajput ever. Meet Aditi Mahant(Genelia D'Souza), a.k.a. ‘Meow‘, a highly aggressive, impulsive girl. She abuses and scratches people (hence the name Meow). Despite their differences, Jai and Aditi are college-going best buddies. Rotlu, Jiggy, Bombs, and Shaleen are also college-mates of Jai and Aditi, and a part of their group. Rotlu loves Aditi and Bombs loves Jai. However, Jai and Aditi are always so busy with each other that they overlook this. Jai and Aditi are perfect for each other. Their friends know this. Their parents know this. Everybody but the two themselves know this. Aditi dreams of a virile, macho husband, while Jai wants a sweet, romantic girl. Since the two of them don't believe that they are in love, after finishing their college they decide to hunt for a perfect life partner for each other. Jai falls in love with Meghna (Manjari Phadnis) at first sight in a club where two psychos were misbehaving with her. He saves her, not by fighting but by tricking the two psychos who always ride horses. Meghna always plays the game of imagination, “What's this?” When Meghna and Jai get close to each other, Rotlu, Jiggy, Bombs, and Shaleen are happy for Jai but nobody notices that Aditi is missing Jai's company. Aditi notices changes in Jai's behaviour.
Meghna informs Jai that her parents squabble but cannot live without each other. She says this is really "cute." Jai visits Meghna's parents. Her father is an alcoholic. Her parents always argue with each other and Jai feels uncomfortable around them. When Jai goes to meet Meghna's parents, he misses Aditi's surprise birthday party. She is hurt by this and acts rudely to Jai when he goes to wish her a happy birthday later that evening.
Aditi gets engaged to her father's friend's son, Sushant Modi (Ayaz Khan). She sees in him the macho man she always wanted. However, Sushant is also a spoilt playboy. Aditi's brother, Amit (Prateik Babbar), tries to make her see who Sushant really is. But Aditi thinks that Jai loves Meghna and continues her relationship with Sushant. At Jiggy's birthday bash, Aditi introduces her fiancé. Then everyone decides to dance. Aditi is disturbed because she is jealous seeing Jai with Meghna, and Jai is upset that Aditi is engaged and disturbed. Aditi becomes emotional seeing Jai with Meghna, however, in the middle of the dance, Sushant thinks Aditi is crying because she likes him and kisses her. Jai sees this and stops dancing abruptly. While taking Meghna home, she tries to cheer him up, but it just results him in becoming more angry. He shouts at Meghna for acting childishly.
Jai realises that Meghna is a girl who runs away from reality and hides in rather stupid refuges. Meghna breaks down and lets Jai know how and why she became this way. Meghna shares her dark childhood story of her father (Rajat Kapoor) having an extra-marital affair and her mother, Sheela(Kitu Gidwani) leaving the residence, but later only returning for Meghna's sake. Meghna is hurt when she sees her parents in pain solely on her account. But since there's no other way round, she decides to close her eyes and see things the way she wants, in a happy manner. Therefore, according to her, her parents fight in a very 'cute' manner. All is happy in the way she sees things, and does not want anyone to remove this veil before her eyes until she is ready for it. The next day, to cheer up things, she kids Jai by saying that Aditi is the right girl for him and he should marry her instead. Jai is taken aback when Meghna laughs and apologises, saying that she was only joking, and did not intend to shock Jai. But Jai reveals that there is more truth to the joke than Meghna thinks, and says that he is actually in love with Aditi. Meghna is shattered and leaves with a goodbye kiss. Aditi reveals her feelings for Jai under duress from Sushant, who slaps her on her face, leaving a bruise. Aditi breaks up with him and decides to go to the USA to study film-making at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. Jai spots the bruise on Aditi's face and contrary to his usual non-violent nature, he thrashes Sushant for daring to lay a hand on her.
Inspector Waghmare (Paresh Rawal), an old enemy of Jai's mother Savitri Rathore (Ratna Pathak), arrests Jai for thrashing Sushant and puts him behind the bars. There, he meets the two psychos,Vinay Singh Rathore a.k.a. Bhageere (Sohail Khan) and Kuber Singh Rathore a.k.a. Bhaloo (Arbaaz Khan), who were harassing Meghna in the club. However, they find out that they are closely related cousins, separated in childhood. They tell him that for a boy to become a man in their Rathore clan, he must complete three conditions: 1.) Thrash someone 2.) Get arrested 3.) Ride a horse. They tell him that his father was a brave man and fought heroically with his enemies but died while doing so. Jai realizes that his mother had lied to him by claiming that his father was a non-violent person who died while trying to stop someone's fight. Unaware of all this, Aditi makes her way to the international airport for departure to USA. Bhaloo and Bhageere, who are sons of an MLA, use their influence to get Jai free, following which, Jai rides a horse, borrowed from his cousin, and heads towards the airport to stop her. Thus, Jai fulfills all the three conditions to become a man in Rathore Clan, causing dismay to Jai's mother and delight to spirit of Jai's father(Naseeruddin Shah), as he had challenged Jai's mother that Jai will fulfill the conditions some day.
He jumps over the security booths and runs, seeking for Aditi, while the Airport security chases him, supposing him to be a terrorist who ran away from security checks. He finds Aditi and sings the song – "Jaane tu ya jaane na" for her, which is the same song that Jai had said in the beginning he'd sing for the love of his life. Aditi, delighted, hugs him and cancels her US trip. Airport security cop Inspector Prakash, on finding that Jai is not a terrorist, lets him go, but with a warning.
Rotlu, Jiggy, Bombs and Shaleen conclude the story and welcome Jai and Aditi, just returning from their honeymoon after 5 years, at the airport. Mala gets extremely delighted to see them and introduces herself as Jiggy’s girlfriend and they leave the airport together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Karan Malhotra (Harman Baweja) is a spirited and happy-go-lucky boy who does not follow the rules. Sana (Priyanka Chopra) is the opposite of Karan: a sweet and shy girl who lives life by the rules. Even though they are completely opposite, they fall in love, leading to a magical love story.
A scientist, Dr. Yatinder Khanna (Boman Irani), has dedicated 15 years of his life to building a time machine. Sana expresses a wish to time-travel to Mumbai in the year 2050, but she is killed in an accident before her marriage to Karan. Karan wishes to travel back in time and find Sana. Dr. Yatinder, Karan, and Sana's siblings, Rahul and Thea, travel forward in time and reach Mumbai in 2050. They are fascinated by the futuristic Mumbai, with its flying cars, holograms, robots, 200-story buildings and more.
Twists and turns lead to the introduction of Ziesha (Priyanka Chopra), the reincarnation of Sana. Ziesha is a popular singer in 2050 who does not remember her past life, but gets flashbacks of it after meeting Karan. Unlike Sana, Ziesha is an arrogant, headstrong and rebellious girl who does not believe in love. She leads a lonely life after the death of her parents, which has embittered her.
Karan and the others find themselves under the threat of the demi-god, Dr. Hoshi. After Karan tells Ziesha he loves her, he is taken away from her by the guards. Ziesha does not believe him when he tells her about his time travel. However, after reading Sana's diary, Ziesha ultimately remembers her past life. Karan returns to her and she declares her love for him and tells him she is Sana. Dr. Hoshi tries to capture Karan because he wants the time machine. After a wild attempt to catch Karan and Ziesha, Hoshi crashes into a nuclear substance truck and dies. Karan goes back to 2008 in the time machine with Ziesha and the rest of his family. Everyone is overjoyed to see their beloved Sana again and Karan proposes to her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is based on the life of India's top news reporter Vikas Sagar (Zayed Khan). He would do anything for his news report, even risk his life. Ambitious, popular, and professional, Vikas is considered one of the most promising journalists in the business. Due to this reason, Uwais Hussain (Sunil Shetty), a senior producer at the controversial news channel "Al Johara" offers him a job as the head of the channel's India bureau. Vikas is going through a divorce with his wife Anjali (Shriya Saran), and to get his mind of things, Vikas accepts the offer and flies to Istanbul to start work for "Al Johara". Vikas then meets Dr. Lisa Lobo (Shweta Bhardwaj), at a party, Lisa who is headed to Istanbul to attend a medical convention, it is later revealed that Lisa is a R.A.W. agent looking forward to recruit Vikas.
Once in Istanbul, Vikas meets with the head of Al Johara, Ghazni (Nikitin Dheer), who has business interests all over the world but whose obsession these days is Al Johara as an instrument to shape world events. There is only one word of caution to Vikas and that's never ever to venture onto the 13th floor known as the Catacomb. He once again meets Uwais, who tells him that he is looking forward to quitting his job and settling down with his Irish girlfriend. Ghazni sends Vikas and Uwais on an assignment to cover kidnapped journalists in one of terrorist Abu Nazir's terrorist-camps in Afghanistan.
The two meet Abu Nazir's brother, Khalil (Shabbir Ahluwalia), who tries to scare Vikas by killing one of the kidnapped journalists. Vikas, shocked, takes action and fights Khalil's thugs. Khalil then shoots Uwais multiple times leading to his death. Vikas jumps on a helicopter and rides away, seeing Uwais get killed. Reeling at this close encounter with terrorism and watching a brutal killing, Vikas arrives in Istanbul in a daze. Ghazni finds out about Uwais' death and holds a funeral. At the funeral, Vikas is approached by a former Turkish commando, Rizwan Khan (Vivek Oberoi), who hints that no senior employee has ever quit Al Johara and rattles off a list of Al Johara employees who had been killed in terrorist attacks within days of there being of rumours of their plans to quit or their resumes circulating in the job market.
Vikas remembers Uwais telling him that he wants to quit his job. This makes Vikas suspicious about Al Johara being connected to terrorism. Before asking any more questions, Rizwan Khan disappears. Vikas discreetly runs a check on the names rattled off by Rizwan and discovers he was indeed telling the truth. Five Al Johara reports before Uwais had either died in a car bomb explosion, abducted and killed or simply found dead. He slowly notices that not everything is as simple as it looks in the offices of Al Johara, especially when he seems to bump into strangers whose faces he soon recognizes as suicide bombers in a couple of terrorist attacks.
Vikas, confused, accidentally goes to the forbidden 13th floor of the building and is tortured by Al Johara's staff. Lisa arrives and saves him by taking him away. She sends him to a van for rescue, and it turns out that Ghazni is inside the van waiting for him. Lisa is informing Al Johara terrorists about Vikas. After escaping from Ghazni, Vikas finds Rizwan and asks for help. Rizwan shows Vikas that Abu Nazir is actually dead but being kept alive by Al Johara through videotapes by using digital images of the terrorist and doctoring old footage.
Vikas hacks into Al Johara's computers and puts a virus in them. Rizwan breaks the hands of a man in the Al Johara building whom Vikas had seen entering the authorized lift to the 13th floor. Using these hands, Rizwan and Vikas break in to the 13th floor where Vikas finds out the truth about how Al Johara helps terrorism increase and what they do and saves it on a PEN drive. Lisa helps them escape the Al Johara building and tells them that she informed Gazni about Vikas' activities so that he could trust her but actually she is working for RAW. Soon enough Gazni frames Lisa, Vikas and Rizwan as terrorists.
Vikas calls Anjali who tells him that she is coming to Istanbul to pick him up. This call allows Gazni to track Vikas and soon he finds out about Anjali's arrival and picks her up from the airport unbeknownst to both Gazni and Anjali that Vikas and Rizwan are also present. Anjali is tortured by Gazni and his men and so is Vikas especially when he refuses to give the PEN drive. Eventually he gives it to them because Khalil was about to shoot Anjali. After the PEN drive download was complete, Khalil attempts to kill Vikas and Anjali but an explosive fitted by Rizwan blows up allowing Vikas to free himself. Vikas and Gazni engage in a lengthy fight as well as Rizwan and Khalil. Vikas kills Gazni and Rizwan kills Khalil. In the end, Vikas and Anjali are reunited and Rizwan unexpectedly turns up at their place
-----------------------------------------------------------
Money Hai Toh Honey Hai is a comedy that deals with the lives of six individuals. Bobby Arora (Govinda) is a happy-go-lucky guy who runs away from home to prove himself as a can-do child. Lallabhai (Manoj Bajpayee) becomes wealthy after his lottery win of 1 crore rupees, but he goes back on the streets after his business fails and he loses all his money. Gaurav (Aftab Shivdasani) is a copy writer who is fired from his job. Manik (Upen Patel), is a struggling model who sleeps with a middle-age fashion designer, Dolly (Archana Puran Singh), and hopes to make it big. Ashima Kapoor (Hansika Motwani) is a successful TV star, but she’s not happy with her career and is desperate to star in films. Shruti (Celina Jaitley) is a struggling dress designer.
One day, they all get an SMS informing them that they are the owners of Shahenshah Jaiswal's (Prem Chopra) 1000-crore company. However, their happiness does not last long, for their lawyer reveals that there’s a loan of 1200 crore on the company and they must repay it. Until the loan is repaid, they will be kept under house arrest. So, using the extra cloth left from a failed shipment to Korea, they make garments.((unclear)) But not just any, the type they make is enough for an ordinary person to buy. They display that in a fashion show, getting ordinary people from the street. At the end, they succeed and keep on making more stores for other parts of India with the help of the bank. The movie ends with Bobby and Ashima getting married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kabir (Ranvir Shorey) is an engineering student who has been studying engineering for the last ten years. He is a carefree lifestyle guy, which involves partying with friends and not caring about his responsibilities. And one cold winter night on way back to home at VT station in Mumbai he meets a drunk Kuhu (Mallika Sherawat).
Kabir thinks that his lifelong dream of having a girlfriend has come true, but for Kuhu he’s just a loser she wants to take for a ride. She makes him dance around in circles, run semi naked, ride cycles without seats, wear high heeled ladies shoes and so on. Kuhu, who is coping with a personal crisis, feels that the only way she can overcome it is to put someone else through misery. Kabir becomes the guinea pig and has to cope with the insane demands and tantrums of Kuhu.
Initially wary of Kuhu, Kabir slowly eases up to her and understands her feelings. The story takes a turn when Kabir discovers the true meaning of Kuhu's actions, and their implications follow.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Lakhan Singh (Sonu Sood), a.k.a. Lucky, is the "kinng of the Australian underworld." He is accompanied by his Sikh mafia associates, Julie (Neha Dhupia), Mika (Jaaved Jaffrey), Pankaj Udaas (Yashpal Sharma), Raftaar (Sudhanshu Pandey), Dilbaugh Singh (Manoj Pahwa) and Guruji Gurbaksh Singh (Kamal Chopra). In a small village in Punjab, the birthplace of Lucky, there lives another Sikh, Happy Singh (Akshay Kumar). Happy, though good at heart, has unintentionally caused many problems in the village, and the villagers are fed up with him. They decide to send Happy on a long trip to Australia with his friend Rangeela (Om Puri) to bring Lucky back to Punjab, which will keep Happy out of the village for some time and bring peace to the village.
But at the airport, Happy's and Rangeela's tickets to Australia are accidentally exchanged with those of Puneet (Ranvir Shorey), who was to fly to Egypt. In Egypt, Happy meets Sonia (Katrina Kaif) and falls deeply in love with her. But he does not express his love to her. Leaving her behind, he heads to Australia to meet Lucky. Lucky refuses to return to his hometown and throws Happy and Rangeela out of his house. Penniless, Happy finds warmth and affection in an elderly lady (Kirron Kher) who provides him with food in spite of being a stranger.
Lucky winds up in hospital, paralyzed, after a series of violent incidents that Happy causes. (In one of these incidents, his head is bumped severely, and the trauma from the resultant concussion is what paralyzes him.) Unexpectedly, Happy is given the position of the Kinng! The lady who helped Happy is obviously worried and depressed, as her daughter is returning from Egypt with her wealthy boyfriend, Puneet. The daughter does not know that after the death of her father years ago, her mother had become poverty-stricken and been reduced to work as a flower seller. Happy gives her Lucky's spacious house and makes all his mafia associates work for her.
The lady's daughter arrives—and to Happy's horror, she is none other than Sonia! Happy, heart-broken, is forced to make a show of happiness to Sonia. Puneet says that he too would have had a good time with Happy and Sonia in Egypt had his ticket to Egypt not been exchanged in the airport, because of which he had ended up in Australia. Puneet had always been jealous of Sonia being with Happy; however, he doubts something is going on between them.
Meanwhile, Lucky's gang members spend enough time with the kindhearted Kinng for most of them to be reformed and give up lawless lives in favour of law-abiding ones.
In spite of herself, Sonia falls in love with Happy and the truth becomes difficult to hide. Puneet sets his heart to marry Sonia. Sonia gets trapped in an emotional tug-of-war between Puneet, who loves her, and Happy, whom she loves.
During the confusion, Happy's associates reveal to Puneet who they are, and that Happy is the Kinng of the Australian underworld, not a manager as Puneet had believed him to be. Puneet, in turn, reveals this to Sonia, who has become aware of her own poverty.
Soon Puneet meets Mika, Lucky's other brother, who agrees to kill Happy. Puneet's motives to kill Happy, however, differ from Mika's: Puneet wants to kill Happy to keep Sonia away from him, whereas Mika wants to kill Happy to make himself Kinng.
On the dawn of the wedding day, the sound of gunshots firing can be heard. Happy takes Sonia in order to save her—and unknowingly, both run around the fire seven times, essentially getting married. (During all this, Lucky's head is bumped, and the trauma-induced paralysis he had suffered from is relieved.) Suddenly, Mika turns up on the spot, ready to kill Happy, armed with a gang and his new special glasses and hearing aid. As he is about to shoot, Lucky steps up and stops him. Then a dialogue ensues between Mika, Happy, Lucky, and the associates of the Kinng. Then Happy tells him that being the "kinng" is not as great as it may seem and explains him the characteristics of a true Sikh. Lucky confesses that he had always found being Kinng a source of misery, because a true kinng fights for others, not for himself. Overcome with remorse, Mika drops his gun. The movie ends with Happy's and Sonia's marriage. And Lucky and his gang a members return to their homes in the village.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story narrates the journey of a young playboy named Raj Sharma (Ranbir Kapoor), who meets three young women at different stages in his life: Mahi (Minissha Lamba), a small-town girl from Punjab; Radhika (Bipasha Basu), an aspiring model in Mumbai; and Gayatri (Deepika Padukone), a non-resident Indian student in Australia. It is the story of a ladies' man who runs from one conquest to another only to crash into true love.
In 1996, Raj runs into Mahi on the Eurorail during a trip to Switzerland. Mahi is a sweet, dreamy girl who believes in true love and is sure she will someday meet her "Raj" (the protagonist from the film Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, as played by Shah Rukh Khan). When Mahi misses her train, Raj, a passenger on the same train, gets off to help her out. He offers to help her reach the airport through a different route in time for her return flight. On the way, Mahi develops a crush on Raj and they share a kiss after Raj reads her a poem he wrote about her. At the airport, Mahi meets her friends and tells them about Raj. When she opens the paper on which Raj had written the poem, she finds it blank. She overhears Raj boasting to his friends about the "stuff" the pair did, and is shocked and heartbroken. Raj realises she has overheard and shamefacedly leaves the airport.
In 2002, Raj has moved to Mumbai and found a job with Microsoft as a game designer. He is in a live-in relationship with Radhika, an aspiring model. Raj receives an offer to move to Sydney for a Halo 3 game launch. He expects to be able to leave Radhika and move on, assuming she is a "modern girl" capable of moving past a break-up. This vision is shattered when Radhika unexpectedly declares that she intends to sacrifice her career as a model to marry Raj and join him in Australia. Raj, unable to express his commitment-phobia, flees. He boards a flight to Sydney on the day he is to marry Radhika. Radhika learns this while waiting for him at the marriage registrar's office, and is left crestfallen.
In 2007, Raj now enjoys a successful career in Sydney. One day, he runs into Gayatri, a feisty and independent woman who drives a taxi at night and studies at business school during the day. Raj befriends her and learns that she, like him, does not believe in the sanctity of marriage. As they date he realises that his feelings for her challenge his deep-set misgivings towards commitment. Raj musters the courage to propose, but Gayatri turns him down, saying that she is happy with her life as is. Rejection cuts Raj deep. As he stands alone watching his true love walk away, he recalls when he broke the hearts of Mahi and Radhika, realising how they must have felt. He decides to seek them out and ask for forgiveness.
On his return to India in 2008, he first seeks out Mahi, who is now married and has two sons. He runs into her husband Joginder (Kunal Kapoor), who expresses his anger, as he had heard about Raj's exploits. He explains that while Mahi on the surface appears the perfect housewife and perfect mother, she no longer believes in love. Raj apologises to Mahi and convinces her that her husband is the real "Raj" she has been waiting for, and Mahi forgives him.
Raj then embarks on a search for Radhika. He discovers that she has changed her name to Shreya and has become a highly successful supermodel. After much effort, he manages to meet her and apologises. Shreya refuses to accept his apologies and tells him that if he really wants her forgiveness, he will have to work hard for it. To do this, Raj becomes her personal assistant and she makes him do all sorts of tasks, from cleaning to serving at parties. She tries to humiliate him on every occasion, but Raj remains firm in his resolve and continues to serve without complaint. She finally gives up and tells him how hurt she felt, alone on the day that was supposed to be their wedding. Exasperated, she tells Raj to give up his penance and go home. However, while Raj is waiting for his flight to Sydney, she arrives and tells him that she has realised that the root of her frustration was bottled-up hate against Raj that she no longer bears. She forgives him. Content, Raj returns to Australia, having completed what he had set out to do.
On his return, Raj finds a pile of letters from Gayatri, written over the six months Raj was gone. While he has been away, Gayatri has had second thoughts and regretted turning him down. The lovers reunite and live happily ever after.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arun Prajapati (Salman Khan) has been trying to be a successful TV anchor, but success has always eluded him. He blames God (Amitabh Bachchan) for this lack of success. Arun is head over heels in love with Alia Kapoor (Priyanka Chopra), who is a TV anchor and a well-known star working in the same channel, but he has never been able to express his love for her.
When Rocky (Sohail Khan) is appointed as an anchor for the channel, Arun starts believing that Rocky will win Alia. Later, Arun is sacked from the channel. He has nobody to blame but God Himself, whom he later meets in person. An argument ensues between the two, at the end of which God then decides to give Arun the power over all things for ten days, wherein Arun may prove that he is a better operator of the universe.
Arun uses this power to put Rocky into an uneasy spot and win Alia's heart. After God scolds him for only making things better for himself, Arun starts listening to people's prayers. He later realizes that considering each person's wishes individually would be too time-consuming, so to save time and effort he grants everybody's wishes, including the wish of criminals to be free and Rocky's wish that Alia marries him.
Arun later asks God why is everything happening towards him. God explains it is his own fault and that everyone cannot blame Him for this. Arun feels bad, but God forgives him and starts his life over again. During the game show, he tricks Rocky into lying about loving Alia Kapoor (who was present on the show, as it was the channel "Zoop"'s first game show), and Alia turns on him. Arun wins the heart of Alia.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Phoonk is based upon the concept of black magic. Civil engineer and atheist Rajiv (Sudeep) lives in Mumbai with his wife Aarti (Amruta Khanvilkar) two kids, Raksha (Ahsaas Channa) and Rohan (Shrey Bawa), Rajiv's mother and the housemaid Laxmi(Anu Ansari). Rajiv's most trusted colleagues are Anshuman (Kenny Desai) and Madhu (Ashwini Kalsekar), whom everyone, including Rajiv's friend Vinay and Raksha feel are not normal. During a party at his house, when he comes to know that the husband and wife duo have cheated him on a valuable contract for an IT firm in Delhi, Rajiv fires both of them after insulting them both. Humiliated and angry at this, the two of them decide to take revenge on Rajiv. Madhu notes that Rajiv is very fond of Raksha.
Soon a series of strange events start to take place in and around Rajiv's house. Mandar (Bharat Kaul), who is appointed to take the place of Madhu and Anshuman is killed at the construction site mysteriously. Raksha starts to talk and behave weirdly, much to the shock of everyone. Doctors are called for, but the strange behavior continues, with Raksha flying in the air, talking in a manly voice, acting in pain. The superstitious and religious grandmother repeatedly says that someone is using Black Magic on Raksha, but Rajiv and the doctors refuse to believe any of it.
Now at the end of his wits, Rajiv begins to look to God. He also agrees to his construction laborers' demand of making a small shrine at the construction site, which he was previously adamantly turning down. Vinay suggests asking for the help of Manja,(Zakir Hussain), a magician familiar with this sort of stuff.
Manja analyzes the whole situation, sees Raksha, visits Rajiv's house, and tells the latter that someone is trying to take revenge on him, at which Vinay exclaims that it is none other than Madhu and Anshuman. Manja also tells them that Rajiv's driver has been helping the duo by providing them with necessary materials like Raksha's hair, soil from her foot and her toys to perform black magic.
Losing no more time, Rajiv, Vinay, Manja rush to Madhu's house, where she and Anshuman are found to be doing black magic rituals on a doll, supposedly an effigy of Raksha to trouble her. Rajiv orders Madhu to stop, but Madhu attacks him with a trishul. Vinay takes on Anshuman. The effect of Black magic forces seep on the entire place, pushing everyone away. As Madhu is going to attack Rajiv who is being pushed towards the wall, Manja uses his powers to separate the running ceiling fan, which lands on Madhu's head, decapitating her. All the negative forces stop, a spider comes out of one of the skulls on the floor and bites the driver who dies.
Everyone rushes to the hospital to find that Raksha has completely recovered. Rajiv and Vinay see that everyone thinks it is the doctors who have cured Raksha, and they smile at each other.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mumbai Meri Jaan tells the story of five people whose lives are affected by the 2006 Mumbai train bombings.
Rupali Joshi (Soha Ali Khan) is a successful reporter who is getting married in two months. Nikhil Agrawal (R. Madhavan) is an environmentally conscious executive who rides the train to work every day and is expecting his first child. Suresh (Kay Kay Menon) is a struggling computer tech who spends his time loafing at a local cafe and criticizing Muslims. Meanwhile, Sunil Kadam (Vijay Maurya) struggles with the corruption and inefficiency of the Mumbai police force and his boss, Tukaram Patil (Paresh Rawal), who is nearing retirement.
On 11 July Nikhil and Suresh are in the second class compartment of a train when a bomb goes off in the first class compartment. The two survive, but Nikhil is too afraid to take the train again and is diagnosed with acute stress disorder. Suresh becomes obsessed with punishing the city's Muslims and is only stopped from antagonising them by Kadam and Patil on patrol. Kadam and Patil abuse a street vendor named Thomas (Irrfan Khan) who begins calling in fake bomb scares at malls to relieve his feelings. After an elderly man suffers a heart attack while the police are evacuating one mall, Thomas feels guilty and decides to stop.
Rupali, who rushed to the scene of the bombings to cover the story, is devastated when she discovers that her fiancé died in the blasts. Her grief is augmented when the news channel she works for tries to exploit her story for ratings. Meanwhile, Suresh pursues a Muslim that he suspects of being a terrorist. However, after Patil stops him and lectures him on communal harmony, Suresh befriends the man.
After Nikhil's wife goes into labour, he is forced to take the train to get to the hospital. Mumbai stops for two minutes while the city observes a moment of silence for those killed in the bombings. Patil finally retires from the police force and Kadam forgives him for his corrupt actions. Nikhil overcomes his fear of trains and Thomas gives a rose to the elderly man whose heart attack he caused.
-----------------------------------------------------------
When the Kalakar Theatre Company, a theatre group in Goa, attempts to stage a political drama, the local authorities close down the play and force them to perform a more traditional play, a stage version of Mughal-E-Azam. The company then discovers that an underworld don is engineering a bomb blast to shake confidence in the Indian government. The drama company forms a plan to save the entire city from the blast. The actors, led by their producer Uday (Paresh Rawal), are assisted by RAW agent Arjun Rastogi (Rahul Bose) in their efforts to foil the bombing. Arjun falls in love with Uday's wife, Shabnam (Mallika Sherawat) who also becomes involved with an ISI agent (Kay Kay Menon). Performing multiple roles in disguise, the characters eventually save the entire nation from the bomb blast.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rock On!! begins in Mumbai, with the rock band Magik, in 1998. Joseph (Joe) Mascarhenas (Arjun Rampal) is the lead guitarist who feels the necessity to prove his worth as a musician. Aditya Shroff (Farhan Akhtar) is the lead singer who rebelled against his well to-do family to play music. Rob Nancy (Luke Kenny) who plays keyboards and Kedar Zaveri a.k.a. KD/"Killer Drummer" (Purab Kohli) comprise the remainder of the band. After a competition is announced by Channel V, they decide to enter, as the winner will be offered an album contract and at least one music video.
After they win the competition, the band has to go through some sacrifices while signing the contract. Joe feels the most slighted when his song, which he wrote for his girlfriend, Debbie (Shahana Goswami), and which was the only slow track in the entire album, is excluded from the track list to make space for a random remix song. Debbie is also rejected as the band's stylist without even being called for any demonstration. Later, when the cameramen focus only on Aditya during the filming of the music video, Joe becomes furious at the director and Aditya before leaving with Debbie. Aditya, who failed to notice that anything was amiss, is shocked and abandons music and his girlfriend Tania (Nicolette Bird) leaving a note for her. "Magik" thus disbands and its members become estranged.
Ten years later, Aditya is a high-powered executive of an investment banking firm. His wife Sakshi (Prachi Desai), hoping to relieve his habitual resentment, decides to gift him a gold-chain wrist watch for his birthday. K.D., who now works for his father's jewellery business, overhears Sakshi talking about Aditya at the jewellery shop, and introduces himself. Sakshi later conveys the meeting to Aditya who denies knowing K.D. When Sakshi finds a box filled with Magik's photos, she invites K.D. to the birthday party, telling him she wants to reunite Aditya with the band.
K.D. meets with Rob, who now makes a living composing jingles for advertisements. Together, they invite Joe, who lives largely unemployed, with an eight-year-old son. The family is supported by Debbie, whom he has married and who holds a grudge against the band and also she working on a small-time fishing business. Joe feels he should reconcile with his old friend but Debbie sees this as his weakness. K.D. and Rob thus attend the party without Joe, and Aditya is shocked to see them. He later scolds Sakshi for trying to dig up his past, which he claims to have left behind. Sakshi is hurt, and she leaves him after informing him about her pregnancy. Sakshi's friend Devika (Koel Purie) persuades Aditya to face his past and meet with his ex-bandmates. K.D., Joe and Rob meet up and visit the place where they used to practice as a band. Aditya also turns up and reconciles with Joe and the rest. They start practicing regularly at Aditya's house. Learning about this, Sakshi, too, returns to Aditya.
Channel V announces another contest, and at Rob's insistence, the band enters. Debbie arranges a guitar-playing job for Joe on a cruise-line, expected to set sail on the same day as the contest. It is later discovered that Rob is dying of a brain tumour and his last wish is to perform with Magik. The contest is aired on the radio, and while Joe is on his way to the airport, he hears Magik perform the song he wrote for Debbie 10 years ago, and dedicate it to him. This prompts him to join the concert, where he and Aditya sing duet in another song. The epilogue reveals that Rob died two months after that performance. Sakshi gives birth to a baby boy, whom they name "Rob" as a memorial to their friend. Devika is dating K.D., who starts a record company with Joe. Debbie quits her job in the fishing business and becomes a successful stylist. The band members and their families meet every weekend to keep the band's "Magik" alive forever.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Three individuals - Akshay (Tusshar Kapoor), Mr. Joshi (Anupam Kher), and Lambodar Jha(Rajpal Yadav) have their own share of troubles as a common man. While Akshay is a struggling crime reporter, Mr. Joshi is a retired accountant troubled by his ungrateful son. Lambodhar works as a mascot in a mall, but tells his son he has a business. Lambodar finds it difficult to deal with his wife over his job and is very aggressive to tall people because he is very short and is often mocked for his height. Together they share their plight and find solace in each other's company.
Akshay wants to marry the love of his life, Priya(Raima Sen), the sister of the leader of D Company, Dattu Bhai. Mr. Joshi wants to get 1 Crore from his son which he claims he has a right to, since Mr. Joshi has spent 1 Crore raising his son. Akshay wants a portion of this money to run away from India with his girlfriend. To get this money, the trio call Joshi's son, claiming to be from a large gang called C Kkompany and threaten to kill his family if he does not comply. Through a series of events, this matter becomes public and the trio try to keep it secret. Joshi has a friend whose apartment complex is being taken down by people backed by the D Company. Joshi and Lambhodhar plant a fake bomb in the car of a big D Company backed businessman, saying that the next time, they could easily put a real bomb if the businessman doesn't stop the destruction of the apartment complex.
A show called "Sarkar ya C Kkompany" is aired on Zee TV, with Akshay as the anchor. In the show, people call in with their problems and the viewers see if C Kkompany helps or the Sarkar (government). The trio decide to help many people out of sympathy. However, the leader of D Company tries his best to discover the identity of the C Kkompany. He finds out that C Kkompany will be extorting 1 million from Joshi's son, and goes to the meeting point (a Carnival) to kill the C Kkompany members. He catches the trio, but is impressed and lets them go.
In the end, Akshay gets married to Priya, with Datto Bhai happily watching. Mr. Joshi gets his son's 1 Crore Rs., and claims he got a lottery to hide the fact that he was C Kkompany and that he extorted the money. Lambodar starts his own business, and you have to be at least 6 feet tall to work there. The three live happily ever after, and the movie ends.
The tale of C KKcompany continues and it is found that now Sadashiv Pradhan is making the calls on C KKcompany behalf, unknown to Lambodhar, Joshi and Akshay. Lambodhar, Joshi and Akshay explain this to Dattubhai when questioned.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film tells the story of Chandrama Singh (Bobby Deol), who was raised by Baba (Danny Denzongpa), a Naxal leader based in the southern interiors of Bihar, after his family was brutally murdered. He later gets picked up under a covert Governmental program jointly conceived by RAW and Intelligence Bureau to carry out political assassinations. He falls in love with Shubhi (Priyanka Chopra), a kindergarten teacher, and decides to lead a reformed life but a chanced encounter entangles him in the world of crime once again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mumbai police commissioner Prakash Rathod (Anupam Kher), resting after a jog, describes in a voice-over that he is going to retire the following day. He goes on to describe the most challenging case he faced in his career.
An unnamed man (Naseeruddin Shah) carries a travel bag, assumed to contain explosives, in the Chatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station and proceeds to hide the bag in the restroom of a police station opposite to the Mumbai Police headquarters. He then arrives on the rooftop of a building under construction where he has set up his base of operations, equipped with several sim cards, mobile phones and other electronic gadgets. He calls Rathod and informs him that he has placed five bombs in locations throughout Mumbai and has programmed them to explode simultaneously within four hours unless the Commissioner gives in to his demands and releases four militants. In response, Rathod immediately alerts his team involved in intelligence research and surveillance, tapping all the available resources to trace the location of the caller. Meanwhile, the caller tips off television news reporter Naina Roy (Deepal Shaw), telling her to reach the police headquarters immediately as it is going to be "the most important day of her life". Rathod initially suspects the anonymous caller is bluffing, but his doubts are dispelled as the caller, to prove his seriousness and the police force's helplessness, reveals that a bomb has been planted in the police station right across the Police headquarters. He further scares them by calling the cell phone attached to the bomb but does not detonate the bomb. Just then Roy reaches the scene on the caller's instructions and reports about the situation.
As Rathod and his team desperately try to locate the caller, the four militants demanded by the caller are rounded up by police officers Arif (Jimmy Shergill) and Jai (Aamir Bashir). In the meanwhile police depute an young hacker Anuj, to track the location of the caller. The caller then asks the two police officers to leave the four militants near a bench on an airport runway, but Arif leaves only three militants behind and takes one of them captive as he suspects that the caller would not reveal the locations of the bombs even after the militants are released.
A phone placed under the bench rings once Arif and Jai are several feet away and an explosion occurs in which the three terrorists perish. Arif relays this information to Rathod, and the anonymous caller reveals he does not belong to any terrorist organization, and his plan was not to free the terrorists but to kill them. The caller sought to avenge all the terrorist attacks they had helped carry out in Mumbai and other major cities of India, specifically the 2006 Mumbai train bombings. His final demand is that the officers kill the fourth militant themselves or he would set off all five bombs in Mumbai. In response, Rathod orders indirectly to Arif and Jai to kill the fourth militant.
After the death of the fourth militant is confirmed on the news, the caller calls Rathod for a final time to reveal that he had not planted any other bombs in the city. At this point, Rathod declares he already knew there were no more bombs, hence his decision to kill the last terrorist was not taken in fear but in confidence. Rathod reaches the caller's location with the help of the young hacker, just as the caller is leaving the place, having destroyed all his gadgets and equipment. The two meet briefly when Rathod, identifying the anonymous caller on the basis of a face sketch, offers the man a ride home and introduces himself.
In a voiceover, Rathod says the man told him his real name but he does not wish to reveal it since doing so would give away the man's religion. Rathod admits that he knew the caller was disturbed because of the insecure environment and the incompetence of the governing authorities, but he never imagined a common man would go to such lengths to achieve this end. He also notes that the facts of this incident cannot be found in any written record but only in the memories of those who actually witnessed it, and further acknowledges that although the incident has ambiguous moral significance, he personally feels that whatever happened, happened for the best.
-----------------------------------------------------------
After salvaging money using various means, Tahaan reaches the moneylender to reclaim Birbal. He is told that old Subhan Darr (Anupam Kher) bought the donkey and went across the mountains in which Tahaan's father went missing. Gathering courage, Tahaan goes in search of the old man. He finds him and he follows Subhan and his assistant Zafar (Rahul Bose) and their mule train, leading Birbal despite their protests. Although Subhan promises to return Birbal to Tahaan if he can win a race against the incompetent Zafar, when he wins Subhan refuses to give him Birbal. Instead, Subhan gives the donkey to his eight-year-old nephew. Zafar tries to give Tahaan his sunglasses as a replacement for the donkey, but Tahaan will not accept the gift.
On his way back home, Tahaan encounters Idrees, a teenager who discourages him, saying that his efforts will not be sufficient to get Birbal back. Instead he suggests to do him a favour. Tahaan is asked to take a package across the mountains in his onward journey. Upon seeing his eagerness, Idrees hands him over a grenade and says that when the time is right, he will be told what needs to be done. At a checkpoint the package and grenade are not discovered due to the fact that the soldiers know and trust Subhan Darr. Tahaan is about to commit a terrorist act with the grenade and has already removed the pin, when he changes his mind and throws it safely in a river. He then sees his father emerge from the building he almost blew up. Subhan's nephew learns that Tahaan is fond of Birbal, and at his request Subhan gives the donkey back to Tahaan.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In the year 1920 at Palampur, India, an architect arrives at a large manor house. The manager of the mansion, MK, discusses how its owner wishes to have it torn down with a hotel constructed in its place. Later that night, the architect is killed by a mysterious force. It turns out the first architect who had come before him was also killed in a similar manner some time ago.
Now the third architect who is brought in, Arjun Singh, is a religious, true devotee of lord Hanumaan and devoted to his family; but he is also in love with Lisa. This meets strong disapproval from his family because Lisa (born of a British father and an Indian mother) is of mixed faith. Arjun decides to marry Lisa anyway. As he travels to Mumbai, his father and his brothers intercept his car, beat him up, and try to burn Lisa alive. Arjun fights back and decides to disavow his faith and his family for Lisa. He ultimately becomes an atheist.
The project of the manor house is handed to Arjun's firm, and Arjun and Lisa arrive at the house soon after. Arjun is unaware of the strange things happening, such as objects moving by themselves, but Lisa senses a malevolent presence. She questions Balwant, the caretaker, but he feigns ignorance. Balwant privately pleads with MK to relieve Arjun and Lisa of the project for it will claim their lives just as it killed the others before them. The mansion does not wish to be destroyed, and that is why it reacts to anyone who wants to tear it down, including MK. Balwant himself is unharmed because he is only acting on orders and does not carry an intent to destroy the house. MK is aware of the evil presence but silences Balwant with a bribe.
Arjun leaves for Delhi on a business trip, leaving Lisa alone in the house. She experiences stronger supernatural events, and confides in a local church priest. The priest arrives at the mansion and immediately senses a strong evil presence. Later that evening, in his church rooms, he wakes up to find a Baphomet drawn in blood on a wall. He consults with the head priest and they quickly conclude that an evil spirit resides in the mansion and is specifically targeting Lisa. The priest returns to issue a stern warning for Lisa. Lisa is away, and Balwant takes the message, but does not mention it to Lisa.
Arjun returns as Lisa becomes ill, refuses food and water and takes to bed. Arjun spots her eating a dead animal that night, but is unable to make sense of it. The priest attempts to place a cross on Lisa, who turns violent and attacks the priest. Arjun engages a doctor but it turns out to be fruitless as Lisa's evil outbursts and telekinetic attacks simply overwhelm the hospital staff. Now convinced of a supernatural presence, Arjun storms into MK's office and demands the truth. MK reveals the name of the previous owner of the mansion, Radhama, and Arjun visits her in Nawanagar.
Radhama reveals that it started in 1857, during the Revolt of 1857, when she was a servant at the mansion. A wounded mutineer, Mohan Kant, sought cover at the mansion but turned out to be a spy for the British forces. The owner's daughter, Gayatri, seduced him to buy time until her father who was also a freedom fighter arrived. Her father and his men hanged him. He died looking Gayatri in the eye and vowing revenge. His soul has remained in the mansion ever since. Gayatri died on 18 November 1896, and Lisa was born the same day.
At the mansion, the soul of the treasonous soldier has now completely possessed Lisa's body. The priest decides to perform an exorcism. The ritual begins well, but the evil soul is too powerful for the inexperienced priest, and the priest and Balwant are both killed. The evil spirit impels Lisa to slit her wrists. so as to die, and eject her soul from her body so he can carry her soul with him to hell. Unable to physically restrain Lisa, Arjun is forced to reexamine his lost faith. Lisa, empowered by the evil soul, beats Arjun badly and emotionally tortures him. Soon Arjun feels that only God can save Lisa.
Arjun limps toward Lisa, embraces her with all his might and begins reciting the Hanuman Chalisa, torturing the evil spirit. He tries to run but Arjun holds Lisa's body tightly. After some time, the spirit is in pain from the words and is finally expelled from Lisa's body and destroyed. Finally, Arjun and Lisa embrace each other happily and Gayatri's portrait is removed and sent away from the mansion.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around Harish Mishra (Amitabh Bachchan), a retired Shakespearean theatre actor who spent precisely thirty years and nine months on stage and then suddenly quit, and his first and last act as a cinema artist. He is immensely passionate about Shakespeare, believes that nothing even comparable can ever be written, knows all his plays by heart, lives in those stories, condemns modern cinema and considers theatre as a much higher artform for directors and actors to convey their message to an audience.
It is Diwali, a time when box offices are flooded with new releases and Shabnam (Preity Zinta) has to attend the premiere of her latest movie: The Mask. However, she decides to visit her co-star Harish and heads to a cubbyhole of old Kolkata where Harish is bedridden in a coma. He is being taken care by Vandana (Shefali Shah) and a nurse, Ivy (Divya Dutta). Vandana treats Shabnam with spite as she blames her and the entire cast and crew for Harish's condition. But soon they are seen bonding over tea and are involved in a conversation about Harish. In flashbacks, their story and equation with Harish emerges.
The movie sees parallel narration from Goutam (Jisshu Sengupta), a journalist who recalls his encounters with the veteran actor. He had suggested Harish for the lead role to his elder brother Siddharth (Arjun Rampal) who happens to be an ambitious perfectionist director. After a casual meeting with Harish, Siddharth realizes that to convince Harish to act in his film, he has to win his trust and establish a relationship with him. And, hence, the impatient young auteur attempts to win the trust and collaboration of the aged performer, who sits raging against the modern world from the sanctuary of his study.
Harish finally agrees to act in the film. Shooting happens on the stunning Himalayan foothills of Mussoorie. On the sets he befriends Shabnam and teaches her lessons on acting, life and Shakespeare. As the story unfolds one gets to know his relationship with Vandana, the reason behind his quitting theatre and last but not the least the reason for his illness. The Last Lear becomes a captivating reflection on the comparative artifices of stagecraft and cinema.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mahadev (Shreyas Talpade) is an unemployed graduate with a Bachelor of Arts from Satna college, who is forced to make a living writing letters for the uneducated people of his village. His real ambition is to become a novel writer. Through his humble occupation, Mahadev has the potential to impact numerous lives. The movie is a satirical, but warm-hearted portrait of life in rural India.
Among Mahadev's customers are:
Mahadev's childhood crush Kamla (Amrita Rao) is desperate for communication from her husband Bansi Ram (Kunal Kapoor), who works as a labourer at a dockyard in Mumbai. In the letters to her husband, a jealous Mahadev writes the opposite of the loving messages Kamla wants to convey, while faking what her husband has written to her.
A hurried mother (Ila Arun) who wants to get her manglik daughter, Vindhya (Divya Dutta) married.
A landlord whose wife is a candidate for the village Sarpanch, and who wants all her political rivals eliminated from the race.
A eunuch Munni who is contesting the elections for the village Sarpanch but fears the threats from the landlord.
A love-lorn compounder, Ram Kumar (Ravi Kishan), who is crazy about the widowed daughter-in-law Shobha Rani (Rajeshwari Sachdev) of a retired army soldier.
Mahadev manages to get his friend engaged, police protection for Munni, and almost kisses Kamla before they are interrupted. However Munni is seriously injured in the head, and he learns a shocking truth about Kamla's husband.It soon turns out that the story was a fictional novel written by the real Mahadev, but it is mostly based on his own experiences. Though it turns out that some of the villagers didn't exactly have happy endings, Mahadev sorts out his mistakes and accomplishes his long-held dream of writing a novel.
As Mahadev, under pseudo name Sukhdev, reveals that Munnibai became a successful politician, becoming an MLA, or a Member of the State Legislature, with high connections and powerful people surrounding her. It is also revealed that Kamla and Bansi are happy in small house in Mumbai, who come to visit Sajjanpur every Diwali. In midst of all these good news, Mahadev notes that Ram Kumar and Shobha Rani were lynched because members of their community opposed a widow getting re-married. Mahadev also notes that he got married to Vindhya, the manglik, after wooing her by writing 40 letters. While most people consider a manglik to be a great misfortune, Mahadev notes that he became successful due to his marriage, as he paid down his farm land mortgage, built a wonderful house and realised his dream of writing a novel.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film revolves around a ten-year-old boy, Hari Prasad Dhoonda (nicknamed Hari Puttar), who has recently moved from India to the United Kingdom. Left home alone with his cousin Tuk Tuk (Swini Khara) when his parents go on vacation, Hari must deal with two burglars who hope to steal a secret formula Hari's father had created.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sonia (Minissha Lamba) lives with her mother, Mallika (Vidya Malvade) and grandmother (Reema Lagoo); her parents had divorced when she was ten. A fortnight before her eighteenth birthday, she picks an argument with her mother about her coming home late after the Christmas Party. Her mother tells her to stay within limits and arrive home in time. She is reluctant to abide by the rule and after much negotiation demands that she would listen to everything if she gets to meet her father. Then she leaves home and goes swimming in the sea to vent out. Far into the sea, she vanishes underwater.
She wakes up in the evening in a cottage which has no exit. At first she doesn't believe that she has been kidnapped and thinks that her friends are playing a prank on her. The abductor Kabir (Imran Khan) tells her how she came there. When she went swimming in the open sea, he pulled her below the water surface and knocked her unconscious using a bottled chloroform.
Meanwhile, everyone is worried at her home. Next morning, her mother receives a call from Kabir wherein he says that he is interested in speaking to Sonia's father, Vikrant Raina (Sanjay Dutt), a New York-based Indian business tycoon, with whom he has an old score to settle.
Vikrant Raina is introduced as a cruel and heartless but a very wealthy man, worth USD 51.7 billion. He is in India because he believes someone has emptied a large share of his money. Mallika meets him and tells him that Sonia has been kidnapped and that the kidnapper wants to speak only to him.
Its around 3 p.m. when the kidnapper calls again. Vikrant and Sonia speak to each other for the first time in eight years. Kabir tells Vikrant that the money is safe in his account. Vikrant wants to know the reason behind the kidnapping. Kabir tells him that he has to do a few things as ransom to release his daughter. The very first of them is saying "Sorry" to Sister Margaret whom he would find on a train from Panvel at 4 pm. Vikrant says its crazy to reach there in half an hour. But Kabir tells him that she has a clue of how they can meet. Vikrant is determined to reach the place by 4 and he has to overcome unwarranted circumstances. Sister Margaret hands over a piece of paper which has a poetry written on it. Vikrant knows there is something in it so he involves a detective Irfan (Rahul Dev) who has solved many corporate kidnapping cases successfully in the past.
But Kabir is interested in playing a deadly game with Vikrant. He is asked to perform daring tasks (like robbery from a business rival's house) which would reward him with a clue to identify the kidnapper and the motive of kidnapping. The same time Kabir start to lose control with Sonia but still he stays away from her.
On the other hand, its hard to believe for Sonia that she has been kidnapped. Initially Kabir is good with her but when she tries to stab Kabir by the name of flirting and hurt his leg and he becomes furious so he tries to misbehave her but he understands that this is not his motivation and leaves her but he ties her up.
Once Sonia realises that Kabir is probably frustrated but not a bad human being she gets a little comfortable with him. She subsequently realises that she is being housed in a bungalow which was once owned by her father. On inquiring further Kabir reveals that several years earlier Vikrant had falsely accused Kabir of kidnapping Sonia. Consequently, Kabir spent his formative years in jail where he underwent undue mental and physical torture. Kabir was simply out to get even with Sonia's father (Vikrant) by kidnapping her for real.
Meanwhile, based on the clues he already has, Vikrant figures out that Kabir is his daughter's kidnapper. Subsequently unable to reach Vikrant over the phone Kabir decides to pay him a visit. As planned, Vikrant and Irfan intercept the kidnapper and a chase ensues. Eventually, Kabir leads Vikrant to Sonia. After meeting his daughter briefly, Vikrant is told to dismiss Irfan from the case and he hands over the task to free a prisoner from jail. Vikrant follows the command but during the assignment however, Irfan intervenes and injures Kabir.
Injured Kabir is nursed by Sonia when he reaches the bungalow. Despite having an opportunity, she does not escape captivity, due to her experiencing Stockholm syndrome. Based on the clue Vikrant receives after freeing the prisoner from jail, he figures out the location of his captive daughter. On reaching his old bungalow he does not find his daughter or the kidnapper but instead discovers the next clue that requires Vikrant to murder someone at a New Year's Eve party. After much deliberation Vikrant commits the murder and realises that he murdered the kidnapper, Kabir. While Vikrant is guilty and pensive due to the turn of events, Kabir emerges alive. Kabir makes him realise that at that point Vikrant was criminal himself even though he committed the crimes to rescue his daughter. Kabir then asks Vikrant to reflect on the past and decide for himself if Kabir was criminal who deserved the jail time or a teenager who was unduly penalised for an innocent mistake. After, Vikrant apologises to Kabir, Kabir disappears and his jacket leads Vikrant to the final clue which leads him to his daughter.
In the final scene, the Raina family is reunited and enjoying at a gathering. At the gathering, Kabir pays a surprise visit to Sonia and apologises for the trouble he made her go through. At the end it seems that both Kabir and Sonia wish each other good luck and bid each other good-bye.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Salman Khan is a Bollywood actor, who is on a live tour nearby Delhi, where his private jet has a crash. Luckily, he survives and in a lounge, he meets a girl (Katrina Kaif). She tells him a story, about six friends and their boss who all work together at a Mumbai-based call centre. They are instructed never to reveal their location, and speak with an American accent by a Boston-based company. There is Shyam (Sam) (Sharman Joshi), Priyanka (Gul Panag), Varun (Sohail Khan), Esha (Isha Koppikar), Radhika (Amrita Arora) and Military uncle (Sharat Saxena). Their boss, Subhash Bakshi (Dalip Tahil), attempts to further his career by plagiarising software, agrees to lay off 40% of the Indian workforce, and re-locate to Boston. Although these six friends work together in the same office they still go through some struggles, Shyam tries his best to reconcile with Priyanka after their previous breakup, Esha gets annoyed by Varun who loves her too much, Radhika gets heartbroken when her husband Anuj (Arbaaz Khan) cheats on her for his girlfriend, and Military uncle wants a visa to see his son and grandson. Bakshi turns their names into American names such as turning Shyam into Agent Sam, Varun to Agent Victor, Esha to Elizabeth, Priyanka to Pearl, and Radhika to Rebecca.
One night, Esha gets upset telling Shyam that Varun used her for nothing so Shyam tries talking to Varun until he loses his temper and starts breaking everything. at a party, they all get drunk and decide to head back home since it was late. The six are on their way home, until they approach an accident, and are stuck on top of a cliff in their car, and if anybody tries to move, there would be chances that the car will lose its balance and fall off the cliff. They all remain calm, and when one of the friends tries to call someone, he finds his phone battery has run out, therefore, in rage he breaks his phone and throws it on the floor of the car. Later on, still trapped in the car, the broken phone receives a phone call; six surprised friends answer it, only to find the caller is God. God tells the six, they should keep calm, and just believe in themselves and all will be well. They do as they are told, and find that the fire brigade are here to save them. They all get saved. Bakshi is fired by his American boss and gives it away to Shyam because he always had such potential. Years Later, Shyam and Varun open their own website academy, Shyam proposes to Priyanka and gets married to her, Military Uncle pays for a visa and goes to America, Radhika manages divorce papers for Anuj, Esha works as an NGO Labourer, and Priyanka becomes a school teacher. After the story, Khan asks the woman who she is, and she replies "if you believe in yourself, you will know the answer". She walks out of the lounge, and as Khan follows her, he seems to witness she has suddenly disappeared. He believes in himself, his jet gets fixed, and he flies back home.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ravi Verma (Dino Morea) has just won a court case against Sir Judah (Gulshan Grover) and has legally received entitlement to several thousand acres of vineyards. He celebrates the victory by marrying the love of his life Kamini (Urmila Matondkar) and decides to bring her to meet his mother and his sister.
During their trip, Kamini and Ravi board a plane with Ravi deciding to show her a few moves. Kamini has, however, sabotaged the plane and there is no parachute for Ravi. Subsequently Ravi crashes to his death and Kamini becomes Princess Kamini. She throws out Ravi's mother and sister making them utterly destitute.
25 years later, Monty (Reshammiya) is a sensational rock star — the adopted son of J.J. Oberoi and his wife — and has everything but happiness. His only spark of happiness is his friend Dayal (Bakhtiyaar Irani) and a girl Tina (Shweta Kumar). During a show he plays the same tune on his guitar and he has flashbacks of Ravi Verma's accident; he is informed that he could be the reincarnation of Ravi Verma.
During a trip to Kenya, Monty realizes that all the pieces are in place. He has the complete recollection of his accident but wants to find out where his mother and sister are. He befriends Princess Kamini and informs her of him being Ravi Verma. Kamini lies to Monty that his mother and sister are deceased and about the circumstances of the accident that killed him in his previous birth. She is actually an agent of Sir Judah. Monty disbelieves her but pretends to keep believing her.
Finally things come to a conclusion when Monty tackles Sir Judah. Later Monty manages to kill Kamini the way she killed Ravi. Then he and Tina live happily together.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Two film academy students, Ali (Vatsal Sheth) and Sameer (Sohail Khan), must make a movie in order to graduate. They choose to create a documentary illustrating reasons not to join the Indian Armed Forces, and go on a motorcycle road trip bearing three letters they have been given to deliver — each from a slain soldier to his family.
On their first stop, in Atari, Amritsar, they meet the widow, Kuljeet Kaur (Preity Zinta), and the son, Jassi, of a Sikh soldier, Balkar Singh (Salman Khan), who was Killed in action (KIA) three years earlier. The students find that the entire village is very proud of the heroic officer and his sacrifice for the country. When they are flying kites, their kite is cut and it falls beyond a certain fence, in another field. Jassi tells them that the area beyond the fence is Pakistan, and the fence is the Border.
The students' second stop, Himachal, finds them meeting the wheelchair-bound former Air Force pilot Vikram Shergill (Sunny Deol), whose Army officer brother, Dhananjay Shergill (Bobby Deol), had also been Killed in Action (KIA). There they see that Vikram is very proud of his brother's sacrifice for his country. He shows them how he has come to terms with his own grief.
The third letter is to be delivered to a certain Mr. and Mrs. Naqvi (played by Mithun Chakraborty and Prateeksha Lonkar). In between, their bike runs out of petrol, and they hitch a ride on a military convoy heading to a nearby base. They witness coffins of martyrs in their truck, and the driver quotes an inspiring poem. At the base, they talk to the Regiment commander and find another letter by Lt. Sahil Naqvi (Dino Morea) which they request to deliver it themselves. They see that Mrs. Naqvi is busy in a tea party, hardly paying any attention. Sameer accuses her of not loving her son, and says that Sahil was a coward. Mrs. Naqvi plays them a tape which Sahil had recorded in war, after he had saved a junior's life. She tells him that she and her husband have been affected, and the Tea Parties serve as a distraction for them. They leave, but return the next day, and slowly bring the couple's life back to normal.
After completing their film, they reveal in a voice over that they graduated but did not go to America (as they had initially planned) because the trip has changed their outlook. They try to join the Army but fail. Hence, they start a school to share their experience. Some years later, Sameer and Ali are waking around their School campus. A man in olive green uniform (Salman Khan) approaches them. This is revealed to be Jassi, the son of the first martyred army officer. Now a strapping young man, he has joined the army like his father, and will soon graduate from the IMA. The movie ends with the statement, "You don't have to be a soldier to love your country".
-----------------------------------------------------------
Romeo is a dog who once lived in luxurious surroundings. One day his owners decide to migrate to London and he is left at the mercy of the servant of the house, who dumps him on the streets of Mumbai. Left to fend for himself, he is soon cornered by the local gang – Guru, Interval, Hero English and a dog-wannabe-cat, Mini, who tell him that this is their domain. Romeo does not know the street lingo and is at a loss for words at first, but he manages to win the gang over with giving them haircuts. They love their new looks and accept Romeo as part of their gang. Together, they set up a successful dog-grooming business until Chhainu, the right-hand of gangster-dog Charlie Anna, arrives to collect "hafta" (weekly protection money) in the form of bones. Romeo throws Chhainu out, and the others, terrified, go to Charlie to plead their case. Charlie threatens them with his trio of female ninja dogs, whom he calls his Angels, but Romeo tricks Charlie into allowing his friends to leave unhurt.
Romeo then meets Laila, who is singing from a rooftop, they dance and he falls in love. To win her over, Laila tells Romeo he must dance with her in front of everyone at the "Moonlight Club" where she performs. Romeo says yes, unaware that Charlie has long wanted her, and anyone who dares go near her is punished. However, Romeo braves the odds and dances with Laila to win her heart. As love blossoms between the two, Charlie, in a fit of rage, captures and terrorizes Romeo. Romeo then promises that he would make Laila fall in love with Charlie. Romeo does not intend to lose Laila, but plans to deflate Charlie's ego by having a disguised Mini pretend to be Laila and make it clear she's not interested. This only ends up exacerbating Charlie's ire, forcing Romeo to promise him a second meeting with Laila.
The night of the appointment, however, Chhainu catches Romeo kissing Laila, who then shouts at Romeo telling Laila of Romeo's deal with Charlie and she angrily slaps him and says she never wants to see him again despite Romeo's pleas and forgiveness. Charlie's Angels are then wooed by Guru, Interval and Hero English, Chhainu is cornered by a mouse and Charlie is chased and caught by the city dog catchers. But just before Charlie is caught with a net, Romeo pushes him under the dog-catchers van to escape while Romeo goes, Charlie then convinces Guru, Hero English, Interval and Mini to create a distraction to get the guard away from the van, they all succeed and Charlie jumps on the van and says he will free Romeo using a pin in his chain to pick to lock, but the van begins to drive and he falls off, after which Charlie races after the van, losing the pin in the progress, but they improvise with one of Charlie's ear hairs.
They escape but Romeo feels there is no point staying as Laila said she never wanted to see him again. The next morning, Romeo throws his sack onto an open train boxcar about to leave the station but Charlie arrives with Laila and the others. Charlie tells Romeo that he is a fool for leaving Laila when she still loves him, that he explained everything to her and says she is Romeo's and no one else's. He lets go of her hand and Laila begins to run after the train, while Romeo holds his hand out for her. Resembling a famous scene from Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Charlie remarks "where have I seen this before?". She reaches for his hand and grabs it but the handle Romeo was holding had lost its top screws, making him fall off with Laila, after which they raise their heads to each other and say "I love you" in sync. It then goes to the "Moonlight Club" where everyone is back singing a party remix version of "Main Hoon Romeo".
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gopal (Ajay Devgn) lives with wife Ekta (Kareena Kapoor), who is addicted to watching Indian dramas. He also lives with sister Esha (Amrita Arora) and a mute brother-in-law Lucky (Tusshar Kapoor). Lucky is in love with a deaf girl named Daisy (Anjana Sukhani). One night, while returning from his office, Gopal saves an attractive young woman named Meera (Celina Jaitley) from some dreadful goons. Due to the circumstances, both of them decide to spend the night at Gopal's friend's yacht.
When he arrives home the next day, his over-suspicious wife suspects him of flirting around with his female employees and having an affair with his secretary. Knowing how difficult it is to convince her with the truth, he invents a story about spending the night with a fictitious friend named Anthony Gonsalves. Ekta becomes suspicious and does not believe his story as she knows that he never had a friend by that name, and hence, she decides to write to Anthony visit her and to confirm Gopal was telling the truth.
Gopal meets Laxman Prasad (Shreyas Talpade) who has come to interview for a position in his office. He is Meera's boyfriend, which is not known to Gopal who asks him to pretend to be Anthony, and meet and convince Ekta that he was indeed telling the truth, in return for a job. Laxman agrees to do so, and everything goes according to plan until the address on which Ekta had written a letter to Anthony turns out to be real. Meanwhile, Gopal finds out that a dead body was found at the same location where he saved Meera from the goons. Investigating Officer Madhav (Arshad Warsi), who also happens to be Esha's boyfriend, does not get along with Gopal. He finds out that Gopal was missing from his home that very night and that the dead person was Gopal's colleague whom he had threatened to kill over a spat. Madhav also finds out that Laxman is not the real Anthony. He asks Gopal to get Meera to the police station to prove that Gopal had been with her, and did not murder his employee. In panic, his friends hire a woman called Munni (Ashwini Kalsekar) who needs money to get her boyfriend Vasuli (Mukesh Tiwari) out of jail. But Munni is kidnapped by the murderer.
In a rage, Vasuli comes to Meera's house, where Laxman and Lucky learn the woman was none other than Meera whom Gopal had saved from the goons that night. After an initial shock, they decide to go to the police station. However, Vasuli kidnaps Meera in anger, and they follow him, along with Madhav, Esha and Ekta in tow. Gopal learns that this was a plot concocted by his employer, Sawant (Murali Sharma) to frame him for the murder. The drama grows, as everyone attempts suicide, much to Sawant's anger. Finally, Sawant goes crazy and kills himself. Ekta and Gopal get back together in the end.
Lucky meanwhile marries the daughter of the president of Gopal's company who happens to be Daisy and becomes the new boss, giving a shock to the others. Gopal and Laxman are the junior bosses while Madhav is a 24-hour guard for Lucky.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Aspiring model Meghna Mathur (Priyanka Chopra) wants to go to Mumbai and become a supermodel. Against her father's wishes, Meghna leaves her home to find success in the modelling world. Meghna meets an old acquaintance, Rohit (Ashwin Mushran)—a gay, aspiring designer who assists Vinay Khosla (Harsh Chhaya). Meghna experiences difficulties during her early days; she auditions several times and is rejected. Meghna meets and befriends another struggling model, Maanav (Arjan Bajwa).
At Rahul Arora's (Samir Soni) fashion show, Meghna meets supermodel Shonali Gujral (Kangana Ranaut) and is ridiculed by the show's choreographer, Christine, and told to have her portfolio photographed by Kartik (Rohit Roy). To afford Kartik's fees, Meghna shoots a lingerie advertisement; she is mentored by another aspiring model, Janet (Mugdha Godse). Meghna's lingerie photos appear on the cover of a magazine; her relatives in Mumbai see the cover and ask her to leave the house. She moves into an apartment with Maanav. Meghna is noticed by Anisha Roy (Kitu Gidwani), an executive at Panache, a major modeling agency. Anisha introduces her to her superior, Abhijit Sarin (Arbaaz Khan), who is impressed by Meghna's ambition and confidence. Panache's top model is Shonali, but her drug abuse becomes problematic. Abhijit includes Meghna in a fashion show organised by Vinay Khosla, but is replaced after a misunderstanding. Abhijit consoles her, and decides to replace Shonali with Meghna as Panache's new top model.
Meghna becomes an overnight success, ends her relationship with Maanav and begins an affair with Abhijit. Meanwhile, Janet goes to work for designer Rahul Arora. Rahul's mother becomes increasingly concerned about his sexual orientation so he asks Janet to marry him. Shonali's drug abuse worsens and she attends a rehabilitation clinic. Meghna pays the price of her increasing fame by losing her close friends due to her changed attitude towards them. She becomes pregnant with Abhijit's child, and reluctantly has an abortion due to conditions in her contract. After realizing that she was deceived in her relationship, Meghna tells Abhijit's wife about their relationship, and Abhijit ends Meghna's contract with Panache. Upset at the turn of events, Meghna descends into alcoholism; at a rave party she uses cocaine and unwittingly has a one-night stand. When sober, she feels guilty and returns to her parents in Chandigarh.
Broken and depressed, Meghna lives in Chandigarh for over a year. Her father encourages her to return to Mumbai; Meghna rekindles her friendship with Janet and models for Rohit's show, where she freezes on the ramp after seeing the lights and cameras. She visits Maanav (now an established model) to apologize and learns that he is engaged. Shonali appears on television as a mentally ill, homeless alcoholic; Meghna takes her in and tries to rehabilitate her. Meghna accepts an offer from Rahul to model, but a day before the show Shonali vanishes. Just before Meghna walks the ramp, she receives a call from the police telling her that Shonali is dead from a drug overdose. Meghna freezes; overcoming her grief, she walks the ramp, reviving her career and restoring her self-confidence. Meghna gives up drinking and smoking, and as the film closes she walks the ramp in Paris.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ek Vivaah... Aisa Bhi is the story of Chandni (Isha Koppikar) who belongs to a middle-class family living in Bhopal and Prem (Sonu Sood) who is an unconventional ghazal singer and hails from an upper-middle-class family. Chandni and Prem meet to practice for a Ghazal competition and fall in love. On the day of their Engagement Chandni's dad dies leaving her younger brother and younger sister dependent on Chandni herself. Initially Chandni decides to leave the house and her siblings under the care of her uncle- however when she realizes that her unscrupulous uncle and aunt want only the house and care two hoots about her siblings, she decides to bring them up herself. Prem promises to wait for her and keeps assisting her in all her troubles- while at the same time having become a prominent & famous ghazal singer.
As Chandni's siblings grow up- new problems keep cropping up like Chandni's brothers wife Natasha refusing to keep up with traditions and demanding a separate life with her husband.
In the end though after a long wait, Prem's finally marries Chandni amidst pomp and ceremony on the same day as Chandni's younger sister.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sameer "Sam" Kapoor (Abhishek Bachchan) and Kunal Chopra (John Abraham) are fun-loving, womanising bachelors in Miami. Sam (a male nurse) is often kidded about skirt-wearing, and Kunal is a fashion photographer. They first meet at a friend's place after a night out with girls, and run into each other again when they are interested in renting the same apartment. The apartment belongs to Neha Melwani (Priyanka Chopra), who works for Verve. She lives there with her aunt (Sushmita Mukherjee), who refuses to sublet the apartment to either of them since Neha wants girls as flatmates.
After meeting a gay soldier, Sam persuades a reluctant Kunal to pretend that they are lovers so they can rent the apartment. They regret their decision when they meet Neha, since they are attracted to her. The three become good friends, and Sam and Kunal fall in love with her.
Neha's gay boss, Murli "M" (Boman Irani), resigns as Verve's editor and must choose his successor. To impress him (and hopefully get the job), Neha invites him for dinner at her house and asks Sam and Kunal to entertain him. A US government agent visits them for a surprise inspection and joins the party. Chaos ensues when Rani (Kiron Kher), Sam's mother, arrives to check on him after she receives a letter from the US government at her home in London approving his application for a domestic partnership with Kunal. M later concludes that Sam and Kunal are a couple and not single, as he initially thought.
At Neha's office the following day, M announces that Abhimanyu "Abhi" Singh (Bobby Deol) will be the new editor. Neha, upset at being passed over for promotion, goes home and is consoled by Rani; in turn, she helps Rani accept her son's sexuality. Kunal and Sam help Neha with a project assigned by Abhi, who is impressed with her work. They later take Neha on separate dates, both telling her that they love her. Neha, convinced that they are gay, sees the dates as friendly outings. When Abhi and Neha begin dating, Sam and Kunal sabotage the budding relationship by giving Abhi inappropriate advice; this irritates Neha, and she and Abhi quarrel. When Neha discovers Kunal and Sam's plan, she misinterprets it as jealousy of Abhi. Sam and Kunal redirect their efforts into frightening Veer, Abhi's five-year-old son, about his future with Neha. During a basketball game, Neha discovers that Abhi plans to propose to her and asks Kunal and Sameer's advice. They ask her to turn him down, admitting that their homosexuality is a ruse and they both love her. Veer tells Abhi about his fears, and during the game Abhi breaks up with Neha. She tearfully evicts Kunal and Sameer from her apartment, and resigns from Verve.
A few months later Kunal and Sam meet in court, where they are picking up residency permits. Recognising the value of their friendship with Neha and each other, they reconcile. They find Neha at a fashion show and try to apologise, but she refuses to see them. Unaware of Neha and Abhi's break-up, they ask about the wedding and Neha tells them about Veer's fears. Kunal and Sam admit that they manipulated the boy, angering Neha and Abhi. Kunal and Sam climb onto the stage and beg Neha's forgiveness. The crowd encourages them to beg on their knees, say that they love her and blow her kisses, but nothing softens her. When the crowd tells them to kiss each other, they refuse. Neha and Abhi turn to leave, and Kunal kisses a reluctant Sam. Abhi and Neha are both amazed by the lengths to which they will go to regain her trust; Neha forgives them. Kunal and Sam then get down on their knees and propose to Abhi on her behalf. Amused, Abhi agrees. Two months later, Neha playfully asks Kunal and Sam if they felt anything for each other when they pretended to be gay; they say "no", remembering their kiss.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The theme of the film "Desh Drohi " consists of politics, prostitution, pimp business, and corruption. At the start of the film a man named Chutiya (Kamaal Rashid Khan) arrives in Mumbai from Uttar Pradesh searching for a watchman's job, after leaving his father and neighbour, Neha, both behind in his village in Uttar Pradesh.
In Mumbai Chutiya meets Shekhar, a gangster, who works as a watchman and a pimp, and Sonia, who works for Baba Kadam, a drug dealer. At one point Chutiya helps Sonia escape from an attack by a group working for another drug dealer called Rajan Nayak, the enemy of Baba Kadam. The two eventually fall in love.
After realizing that living in Mumbai is particularly difficult for North Indians, Chutiya petitions Shrivastav, a North Indian politician who exploits common people for his political career, for help. The drug mafia of Mumbai city is assisted by politicians and the media want to reveal the corruption prevalent in the city.
Due to his involvement, Chutiya is marked for death by Rajan Nayak, who contracts a police inspector to kill both him and Sonia. However he fails and is killed. The police pursue Chutiya and Sonia, who are also running from Rajan Nayak. Chutiya attempts to get help from Shrivastav, to no avail, and even Sonia's boss, Baba Kadam, abandons the pair.
Pushed to the limit, Chutiya resolves to kill all involved, in which he is helped by Inspector Rohit Raghav, the new husband of Chutiya's village sweetheart, to kill Srivastva.
How Chutiya and Sonia will escape law and teach the criminals a lesson is the story of the film.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Deven Yuvvraaj (Salman Khan) is a struggling singer who Dr. Banton (Boman Irani), his girlfriend Anushka’s (Katrina Kaif) father dislikes because he is not wealthy and is rather careless at times. He signs an agreement to become a billionaire in 40 days. To acquire this wealth, he has to go through an emotional roller coaster journey of joy and pain with his two estranged brothers, Gyanesh Yuvvraaj (Anil Kapoor) and Danny Yuvvraaj (Zayed Khan), who he meets after 12 years. On meeting them, he is shocked to see that his father has left everything to the mentally-challenged Gyanesh. So both Danny and Deven make an agreement to scam their brother out of his money. Danny's attempt to blackmail Gyanesh to make him lie in front of some lawyers fails and he assaults Gyanesh. Deven intervenes and plays the good guy and helps Gyanesh and takes him to Austria in an attempt to win him. There Anushka and Gyanesh get on very well and she is amazed by his singing talent. She lets him into her orchestra which is due to perform in front of thousands of people. Deven gets jealous as Anushka and Gyanesh get on so well but soon learns to love his brother.
Danny, now penniless and thrown out of all the luxurious clubs, loses his girlfriend. He meets up with Deven and Gyanesh and they all become loving brothers again and forget about the money. His mother's new husband and family decide to poison Gyanesh to get his money. They show Gyanesh a recording of Deven and Danny plotting to scam Gyanesh out of his money which breaks his heart. They then switch his inhaler with one containing poison and leave. Gyanesh, shocked and breathless, uses his inhaler and fights with his brothers who realize that he knows about their plot. Heartbroken Gyanesh performs on stage when Deven shows up and they do a duet with Deven singing about forgiveness. Onstage Gyanesh collapses and Deven takes him to hospital whilst Danny gets the police to arrest the family members who tried to poison Gyanesh. At the hospital Deven is informed that the only doctor available is Dr Banton who refuses to help. Dr Banton accuses him of only wanting Gyanesh to survive for the money so he can marry his daughter but Deven breaks down and tells Dr Banton that if he saves Gyanesh he will not marry Anushka saying he just wants to keep his family together. Dr Banton is shocked by Deven's sense of responsibility and saves Gyanesh. He then allows Deven to marry Anushka now that he has become a changed man who cares about his family. The ending is a dance scene featuring the cast and crew of the film.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A boy from a poor, dysfunctional family from suburban West Delhi grows up to be a charismatic and fearless man who robs the elite of several major cities in India in unique fashion, often not out of necessity, but just for fun. Arrested by Special Crime Branch Inspector Devender Singh, Lucky Singh reflects upon his life: his childhood, his father's second marriage, his siblings; his entry into crime and association with Gogi Arora; his romance with and subsequent marriage with the lovely Sonal; and his subsequent betrayal by his hanger-on and a business partner. Meanwhile the media speculates on how he got away with stealing 140 TV sets, 212 Video cassette recorders, 475 shirts, 90 music systems, 50 jewellery boxes, 2 dogs, and a greeting card – in a spree of burglaries that included households in Bangalore, Chandigarh, Mumbai, and other cities in India.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Siddharth Mathur (Sharman Joshi), a shy young scientist, travels to Mauritius for his elder brother Harsh's (Sanjay Suri) wedding. Accompanying him is his mother Gayatri (Shabana Azmi), a reluctant traveller since she is angry at Harsh for deciding to get married without consulting them. Also travelling is Siddharth's cheery father Navin (Boman Irani), whose sole entertainment is pulling Gayatri's leg. Harsh, pre-occupied with work, can spend little time with his family and it is left to his fiancée Aaliyah (Chitrangada Singh) to show them around Mauritius before the wedding. However, Ma's anger at Harsh ensures that she takes an instant dislike for Aaliyah, and it is Aaliyah and Siddharth who end up spending loads of time together. This, added to the fact that Aaliyah feels neglected by the career-obsessed Harsh, leads to them being irresistibly drawn to each other. A horrified Siddharth battles this attraction desperately, but Aaliyah has fallen madly in love and pursues him with single-minded determination. When Siddharth’s defences start crumbling and Ma starts getting suspicious, all hell breaks loose in the Mathur family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens as Jai Singh Adenwaala (Naseeruddin Shah) gets into an accident due to drunk driving but is saved from death by Subhash Sharma (Paresh Rawal). As Jai Singh is seriously drunk, Subhash hails a taxi and decides to drop him home. Once at the Adenwaala Bunglow, Jai Singh invites Subhash inside to thank him. He introduces him to his wife, Malika (Neha Dhupia) a glamorous but shady young lady and his lawyer and friend, AD Merchant (Boman Irani). He then ends up hiring Subhash as his chauffeur, much to the chagrin of Malika. Merchant also develops a dislike for him . Malika tries her best to get Subhash out of the house but Subhash's cleverness and quick wit saves him every time.
As Subhash spends time with the Adenwaala couple, he comes to know about the true intentions of Malika, to kill Jai Singh in order to get the 24 crore of his insurance claim. This is further proved when Malika throws Jai Singh's asthma inhaler out of the window when he needed it. This time Jai Singh is saved by Subhash once again as he gets him the inhaler just in time.
It is revealed that Adenwaala is neck deep in loans and very depressed due to his constant drinking and Malika's desperate attempts to kill him. He calls Subhash and Malika and hands Subhash a letter. He then tells Malika about a little change he had made in his insurance policy. According to the conditions in the policy, the insurance money could only be claimed if Jai Singh is murdered and not if he commits suicide. Jai Singh says that he knows Malika will try to make his suicide appear a murder. Saying this, he shoots himself. Malika rushes to call the police but Subhash convinces her that together they can prove his suicide a murder. Subhash offers to partner up with her on the condition that they will split the insurance money in half. The rest of the film revolves around Subhash trying to prove Adenwaala's suicide a murder.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Meera Achrekar lives a middle-classed lifestyle in a Shivaji Park Chawl, along with her widowed mother; brother Manoj, his wife, Neelima, and their son, Mayank. After the passing of their father, Anant, Manoj, who was just 18 at that time, took over the financial reins of this family, while she, herself, got employed as a Maths Teacher with Vishwa-Prem Vidyalaya, and heads the 'Meera XI' cricket team in the colony. Her mother and Manoj are on the look-out for a suitable groom, but her obsession with cricket along with the 'bahenji' bespectacled looks turn to her disadvantage. Things start to look up after she dramatically meets with heart specialist Dr. Arjun Awasthi, who lives in a mansion with his widower dentist father. The two families meet, and decide to get the couple married. On the day of the formal engagement, however, things spiral out of control when Meera does not show up.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vinay Pathak stars as Rajendra, a salesman who wants to make it big in life but through ethical ways. Suman (Divya Dutta) is Rajendra's wife, who stands by her husband. As Rajendra continues to fail in his various money-making schemes, Suman pleads with God to help her husband.
God (played in human form by Saurabh Shukla) tries to help Rajendra become successful but is constantly frustrated as Rajendra fails to recognize the opportunities.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gumnaam – The Mystery starts with an unknown lady (Mahima Chaudhary) driving in a rainy night, who is eventually murdered as she drives, and her finger is cut off.
The story then pivots to one of an aspiring actress, Ria (also Mahima Chaudhary in a double role) who models and acts in music videos. She has her eyes set on making it big in films as a lead actress. During one of her shoots, she meets Dev (Dino Morea), a stuntman, who saves her life during an accident on the set. She's impressed with him; soon love blossoms between them and they are on a romantic high. Meanwhile Ria is offered a lead role in a film by casting director Rishi Gandhi (Madan) on the condition that she leaves for Shimla the next day. Dev is very happy about her getting the role and sees her off, wishing all the luck.
On reaching the film director's mansion in Shimla, she is introduced to the film's director, Muni Gandhi (Govind Namdeo), who praises her beauty and appreciates his assistant's perfect choice of casting her as the heroine. Slowly Ria begins to see some unusual things around her. The director asks her to give a screen test, however when she asks for a second take she is refused. His assistant Rishi Gandhi delivers the cassette to Remon (Suman Ranganathan), a rich woman in a huge mansion in Shimla, the reason why he did so is not explained. Thereafter, Ria is not allowed to leave the mansion and also not allowed to make phone calls. She notices that she is being spied upon by the casting director Rishi in her bedroom through a mask. Ria later explores the cellars of the mansion and to her horror, finds the dead body of the unknown lady resembling her in a coffin. Her suspicions of the entire set up start building up.
The next day, when she wakes up, she sees that her hair has been cut and finger been removed, exactly like the dead woman in the cellar. Upon confronting the Gandhis, she realises that she is to be used as a pawn of extortion from Remon.
The rest of this thrilling drama unfolds, with Remon's role in the thriller being explained. Dev also becomes involved when he arrives in Shimla to look for Ria. The involvement of a rich uncle, and his eventual murder by Remon further complicates the plot. Eventually, Remon and the Gandhis are brought to justice.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shy, introverted, and kind-hearted Surinder "Suri" Sahni (Shah Rukh Khan) is an office employee for Punjab Power. He meets the daughter of his former teacher, and professor (M.K. Raina), beautiful and vivacious Taani Gupta (Anushka Sharma), during the preparations for her wedding. A short time later, the shocking news arrives that her fiance and his wedding entourage were killed in a road accident. Taani's father suffers a major heart attack due to the news. On his deathbed, fearing that Taani will be alone in the world and unable to bear the trauma, the professor requests that Surinder marry her. Surinder silently concedes because he likes her anyway, and Taani agrees for her father's sake.
After an impromptu wedding, Surinder takes Taani to his ancestral home in Amritsar. While his good nature leads Surinder to treat her with exceptional care – he even lets her have his bedroom all to herself – he is too frightened to profess his love for her. Taani later tells him that she will try to be a good wife and thus respect her role in his life, but that she can never love him due to having no love left within her after the loss of her former fiance. Surinder, grateful for the increasing acts of wifely affection that Taani shows him, proceeds to indulge her wishes. These include regular evening trips to the cinema to see Bollywood movies which appeal to Taani's fantasies about romance and her passion for dancing. One day, while walking in the market, Taani sees a poster about a dancing competition. She soon asks for Surinder's permission to take the expensive dance class with a visiting Bombay company, as it would help her unwind from her mundane life at home. He grants her request and provides the entry fee.
During the evenings that Surinder and Taani spend at the movies, Surinder realises it is the strong and masculine images of men that Taani admires, and later on, he asks his long-time best friend, Balwinder "Bobby" Khosla (Vinay Pathak), a hair-salon owner, for grooming advice that could help him win her love. Bobby gives him a complete makeover, which includes trimming off his mustache (an accidental gag, due to the power cutting off), changing his hairstyle (putting on lots of gel and shaping it to be spiky), and fitting him out in a funky Western-style clothing, which he feels is very tight, from the front and the back, including aviator-style shades with oversize pastel lenses. Surinder is thus transformed into "Raj", a name he borrows from the hero of a movie that Taani had admired. After having that makeover change done by "Bobby", Surinder goes to Taani's dancing competition venue to see her dance, without her recognising him, but he then gets pulled into the dance recital by an instructor. At the end of that dance class, all of the participants were put into groups of two by random numbers given by the staff, and somehow, both Surinder and Taani had the number '21'. By chance, or, as Surinder puts it that it was not chance but it was by the divine choice of God and so he becomes Taani's partner in the competition. Despite Raj's initial over-the-top attempts to emulate the "cool" images given by heroes, in movies, after the first attempt of impressing Taani in that way, Taani reacts badly, telling 'Raj' to never flirt with her. He and Taani become friends as they work together on their dance routine. Surinder feels encouraged when Taani does not want to tie a rakhi on Raj's wrist during the festival of Raksha Bandhan (doing so would indicate that she thought of him only as a brother). Soon Raj is unable to dance and thus decides to quit the dance competition during the rehearsals and thus is encouraged by Taani. Finally they both are selected for the finals and decide to do a competition of Golgappa (an Indian snack) it is decided that whoever wins this competition can ask for any thing from the other. Raj wins the competition and doesn't ask for anything then. The next day, Raj then decides to invite her to his birthday, claiming the prize for beating her in an eating competition. He tells Taani of how he always spends his birthday alone. So they go on a day of visiting Punjab's wonderful cultures, thus, after some time, Raj declares his love for her.
Taani is shocked, to say the least, and enters into a period of internal conflict. Surinder also faces a dilemma in Taani's misery. He thus attempts to win Taani's love as Surinder, an act which only alienates her further. She eventually runs away to find Raj to tell him the predicament she is in, hoping he will help her. He offers to elope with her, which she agrees to, tearfully. They set the date for their elopement to the next night, the night of the competition (the finals). Surinder is disappointed that Taani cannot see his love for her as himself, only as 'Raj'. Later that night, Surinder tells Bobby that he will end the charade in his own way, sacrificing his cravings for her love, leaving her his property and transferring himself to Delhi.
On the day of the competition, Surinder takes Taani to the Golden Temple to gain God's blessings for her performance for that night and, internally, also for her life without 'Raj'. While there, Taani has a realisation in which she believes God has shown her a sign that her marriage to Surinder is divinely inspired. For the first time she reflects on her husband and becomes aware of the strength and integrity of Surinder's character, something which she can grow to love. Taani thus tells Raj on the night of the competition, that she cannot choose him over her husband. She leaves him in what appears to be a state of shock with tears in his eyes. When the time comes for their performance, Taani is stunned to see Surinder instead of Raj joining her on stage. While dancing Taani puts two and two together and through a series of flashbacks, she awakens to the fact that Surinder is in fact 'Raj'. Backstage, after their dance, she confronts Surinder, and when he confesses his love for her, she tearfully admits that she reciprocates his feelings. The two win the competition. The film ends with Surinder and Taani visiting Japan on their honeymoon.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sunita (Jiah Khan) is a medical student, working on a project about the human brain with her classmates. When she was denied access by her professor to the curious case of Sanjay Singhania (Aamir Khan), a man reported to have anterograde amnesia, because it is under criminal investigation, Sunita decides to investigate the matter herself.
It is later revealed that Sanjay loses his memory every 15 minutes. He uses a system of photographs, notes, and tattoos on his body to recover his memory after each cycle to remind himself of his mission: to avenge the death of his wife Kalpana (Asin). He systematically kills the people who were involved to the murder. His main target is Ghajini Dharmatma (Pradeep Rawat), a notable social personality in the city, and the man directly responsible for Kalpana's death and Sanjay's condition.
Police inspector Arjun Yadav (Riyaz Khan) tracks Sanjay down to his apartment and knocks him unconscious. Yadav finds two diaries in which Sanjay has chronicled the events of 2005 and 2006. The film flashes back to 2005 as Yadav reads the diary. Sanjay Singhania is the chairman of the Air Voice mobile telephone company. In the course of business, he sends his men to meet Kalpana, a struggling model of Mumbai, about putting up a billboard above her apartment. The owner of Kalpana's advertising firm misinterprets this as a romantic advance and, in view of a possible lucrative Air Voice ad campaign, encourages Kalpana to accept the overture. Kalpana thinks of it as an innocent prank that may fetch her better modelling work and decides to act as Sanjay's girlfriend. Sanjay goes to confront Kalpana about this but falls in love with her at first sight. He hides his identity and introduces himself as Sachin, and the two begin spending time together. The diary ends with Sanjay proposing to Kalpana and promising himself that he will reveal his actual identity if she accepts.
When Yadav is about to read the 2006 diary, Sanjay awakes and attacks him, tying him up. Ghajini realizes that someone is trying to kill him but is unable to figure out who. Sunita visits Sanjay's flat and discovers Sanjay's plan to kill Ghajini. She takes both his diaries before finding Yadav, beaten and bound, and freeing him. Just then, Sanjay arrives, he remembers neither of them and chases them out. Yadav is hit by a bus as he flees in terror, and Sunita, believing Ghajini is the good guy in danger, informs him about Sanjay. Ghajini arrives at Sanjay's flat and destroys all of Sanjay's photographs and notes, as well as the tattoos on Sanjay's body, so that Sanjay is left with nothing to help him recover his memory.
Meanwhile, Sanjay discovers that Sunita had warned Ghajini and he goes to her dormitory to kill her, but Sunita calls the police and Sanjay is arrested. Back in her dormitory as Sunita reads the diaries, the film flashes back to 2006, where it is revealed that Kalpana had accepted Sanjay's proposal. When this diary ends abruptly, Sunita investigates further and discovers that Kalpana was travelling to Goa for a modelling assignment when she came upon 25 innocent young girls being trafficked. She had saved the girls with the help of some army soldiers on board, who named Ghajini as the ringleader of the racket. Outraged, Ghajini broke into Kalpana's apartment with his goons to kill her. When Sanjay arrived, he found Kalpana stabbed. Ghajini then hit Sanjay over the head with an iron rod. Sanjay's last sight was Ghajini brutally murdering Kalpana with the iron rod. Kalpana's last word to Sanjay was "Ghajini."
Sunita, now aware of the shocking truth, finds Sanjay in the hospital and tells him the truth. He flies into a heartbroken rage and tracks down Ghajini with Sunita's help. He fights off all of Ghajini's henchmen with a superior and anger-fueled strength. Ghajini,upon realizing Sanjay is too strong for him, flees. Sanjay's memory loss strikes again, and he forgets who Ghajini is. Ghajini takes this opportunity to stab Sanjay and taunt him with the grisly tale of how he murdered Kalpana. As he is about to make Sanjay relive the experience by killing Sunita in the same exact way, Sanjay recovers the memory of Kalpana's murder, and overpowers Ghajini in a flash of strength. He finally kills Ghajini, in the same way Ghajini had killed Kalpana.
The film ends with a still-amnesiac Sanjay volunteering at an orphanage named after Kalpana. Sunita gives him a gift that reminds him of his bond with Kalpana, and Sanjay imagines Kalpana by his side, finally at peace with himself.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie starts with Akshay Kumar singing the song "Everything's Gonna Be All Right" for the children in the school. He then begins talking to one child who seems to be depressed. He then narrates the story of Jumbo to this child.
Jumbo is a small blue elephant (voiced by Akshay Kumar) who grows up with his mother (voiced by Dimple Kapadia). His mother never reveals any details of his father and neither do the rest of the elephants in the herd. He is a happy go lucky elephant, who loves to play with the other animals of the jungle. Occasionally he would be confronted by the other elephants of the herd, who would bully him on the history of his father. Tired of being teased about his father's cowardice in some war, he confronts his mom again who somehow manages to rubbish the topic. One night he comes to know that a large army has come to the jungle, and they plan an overnight stay. In the hope of finding his father, Jumbo sets out to the camp, and manages to locate a tent that houses the royal elephant of that army. He goes in and politely asks the royal elephant about his father. All of a sudden the royal elephant turns very violent and Jumbo starts running for cover. In the meanwhile the soldiers standing outside see Jumbo running out of the tent and try to capture it. Jumbo manages to go into the tent of prince Vikramaditya. Vikramaditya then saves Jumbo from the soldiers. It is then revealed that Vikramaditya is the prince of a captured kingdom and is a POW. After running away from the camp Jumbo realizes that he is separated from his mother and is lost in the jungle. He wanders in the jungle for a while where he meets Sonia (voiced by Lara Dutta) a cute pink elephant. He meets some villagers and a wise old Mahout who is the guardian of Sonia. They teach him the art of war and also make him strong and confident. He grows up to be a well built and strong war elephant.
Prince Vikramaditya then calls for his whole kingdom to unite and fight against the oppressive rule of the enemy. Jumbo and his Mahout then go for a competition called by Vikramaditya, for the selection of the royal elephant. Jumbo finds his mother at Vikramaditya's court and she finally tells him the story of his father who was a war elephant and never returned after a war. They sneak into a tent which houses the ex-royal elephants, hoping to locate Jumbo's father. There they meet an old royal elephant who knows Jumbo's father. He then narrates what happened in the battle. He tells them that Jumbo's father was killed by Bakhtavar, the enemy's royal elephant, after a fierce battle.
Jumbo then set out with king Vikramaditya to avenge the death of his father. Jumbo shows the same strength and skill which his father possessed in his days. They challenge Bakhtavar for a one-on-one combat. Then follows a fierce battle between Jumbo and Bakhtavar, in which Jumbo kills Bakhtavar in the same manner that his father was killed. In the end Akshay, who is narrating the story to a small kid, again emphasises his words "everything's gonna be all right, chalteh hai side by side".
-----------------------------------------------------------

Dia (Madhuri Dixit) is a choreographer who lives in New York with her daughter Radha. One day she receives word that her old dance teacher, Makarand, is dying. She returns to her hometown Shamli with Radha, to find that he has already died and left her the responsibility of saving the deserted dance theatre, Ajanta, which is to be demolished to make way for a shopping mall.
Shamli has changed a great deal since Dia left. Her parents left the town in shame a decade ago, after she eloped with an American photographer, and their house is now owned by the strict Mr Chojar and his wife. Her childhood friend Najma is married to Farooque, a successful businessman. Both of them greet Dia coldly. The only ally she has left is her old friend Doctor Saab. To save Ajanta, Dia goes to petition the local MP Raja Uday Singh. He issues her a challenge; if she can put on a successful performance using only people from Shamli, he will cancel the demolition.
That night Dia dances in Ajanta and afterwards calls on the people to help her put on a performance of the famous Laila-Majnu play. Jeering at her, they leave the theatre one by one, but Raja remains behind, reminding her of the challenge. Refusing to accept defeat, Dia goes out into the street the next day to scout for talent. When she returns to the theatre she finds that a group of thugs are burning the set, after being ordered by a local election candidate, Chaudhary Om Singh. Instead of being angry, she is intrigued by the ring-leader, Imran, and makes a deal with Chaudhary - she will help him win the next election, if he will support Ajanta and if Imran plays Majnu. He agrees and Imran is forced to take on the role. After finding out about the casting of Imran, many girls flock to the theatre for the part of Laila. Among them is Anokhi, a tomboy who is in love with Imran. She begs Dia, who is reluctant because of her rough appearance and lack of talent, but agrees in the end, thinking that her love for Imran will make her the ideal Laila. Other parts in the play go to Mr Chojar, who wants to prove to his wife that he is not boring, Chaudhary who plays Laila’s father and Dia’s former fiancé Mohan, who is able to overcome his bitterness towards her.
With one month to put the show together, Dia struggles to get Imran and Anokhi to work together. With Dia’s support, Anokhi changes her attitude and appearance to get Imran to take her seriously and soon their relationship deepens. A few days before the show, Farooque pays Chaudhary to abandon Ajanta and makes Najma spread hurtful stories about Dia. Chaudhary tries to get Imran to give up his part, but Imran is aware of Chaudhary’s political intentions and refuses, leading him to be attacked by Chaudhary’s men while Anokhi tries to protect him. With the whole town against her, Dia loses hope until Najma arrives to apologise and asks to be in the show.
On the night of the show, Dia is amazed to find that the entire town has come to Ajanta. The troupe put on a performance that amazes and excites the audience, including Chaudhary who is moved to tears. Farooque is stunned to see his wife playing the part of Laila’s mother and Mrs Chojar is shocked and thrilled when her husband appears singing and dancing on stage. At the end, the audience cheers loudly as the cast return to the stage for an encore. The night is a success and Ajanta is saved.
After Dia says her farewells to Shamli, she and Radha leave to find her parents in another part of India. Imran and Anokhi go on to teach dance classes at Ajanta with Doctor Saab’s help and dance becomes an inherent part of Shamli once again. Raja is seen watching Dia dance and it is implied that they develop a romance.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A woman discovers that, becoming attracted to the wrong man can have deadly consequences in this taut and tense thriller. Janvi (Udita Goswami) is a woman whose life would seem ideal on the surface: she runs a thriving business and is married to Dr Adi Merchant (Shreyas Talpade), a psychiatrist.
But a faint air of discontent has begun to creep into her relationship, when Aryan (Tusshar Kapoor), joins Janvi’s company. Aryan himself has issues as an angry outburst leads him to accidentally kill his cheating girlfriend. Janvi impulsively gets drawn into a relationship with Aryan to keep her sanity. But after her issues with her husband are resolved, she tries to break off the affair. Aryan, however, is not willing to give her up so easily, and his attraction to her soon becomes a dangerous obsession.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Shivani (Madhuri Dixit) is an air hostess for Air India. She meets Vijay Agnihotri (Shahrukh Khan), the son of a wealthy industrialist in a disco club. He tries to get friendly but without any success. Later he meets Shivani in an airplane and instantly falls in love but she shows no interest in him. This does not stop Vijay and he continues to pursue her, only to be rejected every time. Vijay informs his mother that he intends to marry Shivani. When they approach Shivani’s family with a proposal, they witness that Shivani had married another man named Ashok. Vijay is now heartbroken and shocked. Shivani and Ashok decide to move to America.
Four years later, Vijay still cannot forget Shivani and repeatedly turns down marriage proposals brought by his mother. He comes across Shivani again and Ashok who have a daughter named Pinky. Vijay befriends Ashok with fake airline project as the hope of getting closer to Shivani. Ashok is totally oblivious to Vijay's real intentions, to the extent that he does not believe Shivani when she tries to convince him of what Vijay is planning against them. One day, Ashok kicks Shivani out of their house after they have an argument. Vijay witnesses this and severely beats Ashok, leaving him unconscious. When Ashok is being treated in the hospital, Vijay removes the oxygen mask keeping Ashok without oxygen supply, thereby killing him. Shivani attempts to convince the police that Vijay is responsible for Ashok’s death. However, Vijay bribes his friend, Inspector Arjun Singh, to provide an alibi, meaning Shivani could not be believed and Vijay is released without charge. Vijay then approaches Shivani's house and begs her to say she loves him. When she refuses, he frames Shivani for his attempted murder and she is sentenced to three years in prison whilst Pinky is placed under the care of Shivani's sister and drunkard brother-in-law (Tinu Anand). Her brother-in-law treats Pinky extremely badly which eventually causes her to run away with the help of her aunt. Vijay accidentally kills Shivani’s sister and daughter by running his car over them. Shivani learns about their deaths and realizes Vijay is the one who killed them. Shivani decides go to any lengths to seek revenge. In an attempt to escape, she makes a complaint about the brutality of her prison guard. Again her plea is ignored. In prison she comes to know that she is pregnant with Ashok's child . When the prison guard learns that Shivani tried to complain, she gives her a severe beating which causes her to have a miscarriage. Shivani soon kills the prison guard by dragging her to the gallows and hanging her by her neck. But as there is no evidence, she is not convicted for that.
Three years later, Shivani is released from prison. First, she goes to her brother-in-law's house and kills him by choking him with rupee notes and chewing off a significant amount of flesh from his arm. Inspector Singh learns about the murder and suspects Shivani. Singh misbehaves with her in a barn, but she sets the barn on fire, killing Inspector Singh. She then searches for Vijay where she comes to know that he has moved to Tikamgarh. She then goes to work at a hospital for the mentally ill and finds Vijay, who had become paralyzed in the car accident after running over Shivani's family. She volunteers to look after him and rehabilitate him. When cured, Vijay begs Shivani to say she loves him. She opens her arms to him. Whilst they embrace, she stabs him and then starts attacking him for everything he did. She confesses that she made him better for one purpose: to kill him. (She says it's a sin to kill a handicapped person, who cannot defend himself.) Eventually, they both dangle from a cliff (with Vijay holding onto Shivani’s foot). Vijay says that if he falls to his death he'll take Shivani with him. Deciding that it is not necessary for her to live as long as Vijay is dead, Shivani lets go of the ledge causing both of them to fall off the cliff to their deaths.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Anwar, a Muslim, lives a middle-class lifestyle in Lucknow, India, with his mother, brother, and sister-in-law, Suraiya. Anwar is researching on ancient Hindu mandirs. The family rents out a room to a poor widow and her attractive daughter, Mehru, whom Anwar falls in love with.
Anwar is certain of Mehru's love for him, but she runs away with a Hindu guy, Uday (Anwar's Friend). Anwar reacts impulsively which results in death of Uday. Following which, Mehru commits suicide. A guilt-ridden Anwar takes shelter in an ancient Hindu temple in Dholpur carrying a bag, which contains drawings of mandirs and notes on Lord Krishna, Devi Meera, and Mehru. This bag ends up with the police, who now believe that Anwar is a terrorist who is planning to detonate bombs in sacred Hindu temples.
The place is surrounded by the police, politicians who are anxious to win the Hindu vote, the media, and a huge crowd who are here to see the show. Set against post 9/11 scenario, amidst the craze for Valentine's Day, Britney Spears, Osama Bin Laden, George W. Bush, and the American way of life, Anwar must now examine his options.
In the climax, Anwar gets shot by the cops and he dies immediately. While dying, he has a vision of himself as lord Krishna and his love Mehru as Meera, re-uniting with eachothers.
-----------------------------------------------------------
An ex-boxer Baldev Choudhary (Dharmendra) has had a stain in his boxing career. He wanted to wash it with his son Angad's (Sunny Deol) success, but times were hard and a financial crunch kept him from achieving this dream. Though Angad pulled through fine, Baldev never forgot who ruined his chance to wash the stain. An opportunity strikes Baldev in the form of a T.V. Show. He trains a local boy to get into this media hyped boxing show, but is ditched for a better coach at the last minute. Baldev's younger son Karan (Bobby Deol) has just launched his first music album. Realising his father is in crises of his life, he gives up his dream of a musical career to get into the game of boxing. Karan wins all through thinking that his victory will bring the two pillars of his family together. After winning within the nation, he wins all over the world. The final match is with the current world heavy champion. The match goes fine, but Karan is tricked and he ends up paralysed in a hospital bed. Baldev, who wanted to wash a stigma is now about to lose his son. He feels like killing himself. When Karan reveals the world heavy champion cheated, Angad decides to get into the game of boxing once more and win the title for his father. Angad steps in and brings the world heavyweight champion belt to India. On the other hand, Karan suffers liver damage and requires a liver to survive. Baldev pleads with the doctors to use his liver, but the doctors reject the idea. However, the operation continues as God hears Baldev's call – a liver is donated to Karan through an unknown donor. In the end, Baldev who was going to give up his life for Karan, is instead alive and happy with his family.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The storyline revolves around Shivam (Emraan Hashmi), a heart broken and introvert atheist, gangster, and right-hand man of Malik (Ashutosh Rana), officially a businessman who runs a chain of hotels in Hong Kong. Shivam is given the responsibility of one of these hotels, which he bears capably and well, making it much more successful than Malik's other hotels. Malik holds Shivam in the highest esteem due to Shivam's loyalty, reliability, and business acumen, and treats him like an adored son whom he entrusts with almost everything - indeed, more so than his biological son, Ronnie. This is the cause of much jealousy on Ronnie's part against Shivam, but due to Malik's outspoken support for Shivam, Ronnie does not dare do openly oppose him. Shivam has a very close childhood friend, Kabir, who assists him with everything.
Malik's brother, Rajan (Ashish Vidyarthi), and Rajan's spoilt son Munna nurture a grudge against Shivam because of Shivam's repeated conflicts with Munna. Munna is mainly responsible for the start of most of these conflicts; he time and again puts Shivam down as Malik's slave, once by murdering an employee of Shivam's hotel who resisted Munna in bed. When Shivam comes to investigate this incident, Munna taunts him, the dead girl, and dares him to tell Malik, resulting in Shivam lashing out against Munna and all his henchmen. This causes an escalation of the feud between Munna, his father Rajan, and Shivam.
One day, Malik asks Shivam to keep an eye on his young mistress Reema (Mrinalini Sharma), whom he suspects of having an affair with someone else, while he is away on a brief business trip. Reema is a young Pakistani girl, a devout Muslim, and a victim of sex trafficking, whom Malik had 'bought' in the Bangkok flesh market. If Reema is found cheating on Malik, Shivam is to inform him immediately.
In Shivam's interactions with Reema, he recalls his lost love, Aliyah (Shriya Saran) in a series of flasbacks. Aliyah was a devout Muslim, who Shivam had met by chance in the marketplace one day. The duo eventually fell in love, but when her father saw them together, he wrathfully confronted them, reprimanding Aliyah physically in public for maintaining physical contact with her lover in a non-private place. He also exposed Shivam's gangster background to a shocked Aliyah, leading to Shivam's instantly offering her father his gun, saying that he was willing to let go of everything, start anew, and legitimately provide for Aliyah if he is allowed to be with her. Aliyah's father recovers from his initial surprise quickly, and shoots at Shivam with the gun, who ducks to avoid the bullet. The bullet hits Aliyah instead, killing her and temporarily driving Shivam over the edge. A feeling of guilt and sorrow, at Aliyah having died because he tried to save his own life, remains with him hereafter. Aliyah's father instantly commits suicide when he realizes what he has done.
Shivam discovers one night that Reema has a secret boyfriend Bilal (Rehaan Khan), who convinces her to run away with him back to Pakistan. Shivam informs Malik, who orders Reema's elimination. However, when he confronts the couple to eliminate them, she dares him to shoot her, claiming that freedom is her right, requesting mercy "for God's sake". Shivam is reminded of Aliyah's religious mannerisms, which bear a strong resemblance to Reema's, and is unable to shoot her, leaving her alive. Malik tries to reach Shivam, who severs contact with the former, leading to Malik finding out about his disobedience.
Shivam plans to quickly run away from Hong Kong back to India with Kabir, who is extremely unwilling to do so. Eventually, he betrays Shivam to Malik, whose regard for Kabir goes up. Malik has Shivam captured, and orders Ronnie to torture Shivam until he agrees to kill Reema when Shivam refuses to do so even after Malik offers him a second chance. Malik is shown to be genuinely hurt and sorrowful at what he perceives as Shivam's betrayal, and hands over Shivam's responsibilities in the business to Kabir. Malik makes up the old feud with Rajan and Munna, and merges their gangs and businesses, with Malik demanding that Shivam be brought before him alive so that Malik can kill him personally. This occurs in Kabir's presence, who is bitterly penitent to the point of not wishing to live any more over his betrayal of Shivam.
Shivam manages to escape Ronnie, and seeks refuge in the monastery of a monk whom he had once set free from certain death. He recovers from his injuries, and reminded of Aliyah and her belief in freedom, decides to not continue running all his life to save his own skin, but to "fulfill someone else's dreams" - namely, unite Bilal and Reema and send them to safety. He manages to save Bilal from Malik's henchmen, led by Kabir, whom Shivam still trusts and regards as his best friend, who tearfully reiterates that he is ready to die for Shivam, as he always was. Kabir takes Bilal to the monastery, where arrangements are made to ship Bilal and Reema to Hong Kong.
Shivam tracks Reema, killing Rajan when he taunts Reema and refuses to divulge where she is. At the cost of a knife wound to his side, he tricks Munna into revealing Malik's plans regarding Reema, which are to sell her to the person who "enjoys" her the most. Munna tells Shivam everything about it, including the location, believing Shivam to be crippled by his wounds, and is immediately killed by Shivam when he tries to run away upon realizing that is not the case. Shivam finds Reema and Malik, who is madly enraged at Shivam's standing against him, when he had cared for Shivam so much, deriding Shivam's new belief in God and freedom. Shivam kills Malik, escapes with Reema to the shipping docks, where Bilal is waiting. Kabir shows up to fight Malik's men and buy Shivam time, and is brutally murdered in the process. Bilal manages to force a reluctant Reema to escape to the ship, who is loath to leave Shivam behind. Ronnie and his men arrive and Shivam manages to kill them all in a gunfight, but is mortally wounded himself. As he lies dying, he comes to terms with his past, forgiving himself and envisioning Aliyah smiling down upon him. The movie ends with Reema in a conference in Pakistan, where she tells her story of the "awara" who sacrificed his life to save her, and incites those present to stand up against unwilling victims of trafficking.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Badri (Manoj Joshi) heads a Brahmin family whose ancestral palace is believed to be haunted by the ghost of Manjulika, a Bengali classical dancer. Siddharth (Shiney Ahuja) and Avni (Vidya Balan), the son and daughter-in-law of Badri's elder brother, return to their native village from United States and decide to stay in their ancestral palace. This leads to Siddharth's childhood love interest Radha (Ameesha Patel), becoming jealous but she immediately recovers. Siddharth is crowned as the king, his right to the throne.
The palace where Siddharth and Avni were staying was once occupied by Raja Vibhuti Narayan, who was Siddharth's ancestor. He had fallen in love with Manjulika, a dancer hailing from Bengal. But Manjulika was in love with Shashidhar, another dancer, who resided in a house just behind the palace and often met her secretly. On the night of Durgashtami, when the king gets to know of the affair and their plan to elope, he calls them to perform a dance one last time in the court. In the end, the king beheads Shashidhar and imprisons Manjulika in her room. Then on the day of the king's marriage, Manjulika hangs herself and swore that her spirit would not leave any king who lived in that very palace. Various omens started taking place after that, presuming that the "evil eye" may have befallen on the king. The king too dies under unknown circumstances. Soon, with the aid of powerful sorcerers, both Vibhuti's and Manjulika's spirits were locked up in a room in the third floor of the palace using a sacred talisman.
Events take a twist when Avni obtains a copy of the third floor room key and opens the forbidden locked room that contains the ghost of Manjulika. Unnatural events start taking place inside the palace. Avni falls in love with the place and learns about Manjulika and her tragic story. She becomes enamored with Manjulika. Badri and Batuk Shankar (Paresh Rawal) try to ward off the evil eye with the help of a priest, Shri Yagyaprakashji Bharti (Vikram Gokhale), but unfortunately the priest has gone to London and is unsure when he might return.
Siddharth starts suspecting Radha for all the strange occurrences. He thinks she has gone crazy since he was supposed to marry her, but married Avni instead. He calls his friend, psychiatrist Dr. Aditya Shrivastav (Akshay Kumar) from New York, to try to figure out what the problem is with Radha. Once Aditya reaches the palace, things become comical, as everyone thinks he is a fool, though he is very intelligent. Aditya eventually realizes that Radha is not at fault, and that someone else behind it all, and falls in love with her. One night, he encounters Manjulika and dares her to strike. The ghost angrily vows to take her revenge on the auspicious day of Durgashtami.
During the engagement of Nandini, Siddharth's cousin, and Sharad Pradhan (Vineeth), Avni spills food on Sharad and takes him away to get him cleaned. When Aditya and Siddharth search for her, they see that there is a struggle between Avni and Sharad, and quickly intervene. Siddharth thinks that Sharad was violating Avni, but Aditya tells him that Avni is the real culprit, not Radha as previously suspected. It is revealed that Avni has dissociative identity disorder, a disease that affects the person's identity, making them think they're someone else. Aditya explains that Avni is the one making all the strange things happen around the palace. He reveals that he visited Avni's hometown to gather information about her childhood and has factual evidence. He then tells the half-convinced Siddtharth to provoke Avni in order to make him realize that something is wrong. When Siddharth provokes her, Avni shows the dark personality of Manjulika before returning to her usual self, much to the horror and concern of Siddharth, who asks Aditya to save Avni.
During Durgashtami, Aditya and Siddharth see Avni consumed in Manjulika's identity, dressed as her and dancing to the tunes Manjulika had been dancing to with her love, Shashidhar, before the king murdered him. The tragic love story of the old king Vibhuti Narayan, who loved Manjulika, who in turn loved Shashidhar, is revealed. Avni imagines herself as Manjulika and Sharad as Shashidhar, dancing in the court of the king. Avni completely assumes the identity of Manjulika and tries to kill her own husband Siddharth; she sees him as the king who had killed Manjulika's lover.
To cure Avni, Aditya triggers Manjulika's personality and makes her promise to leave Avni if she gets the opportunity to kill the king and take her revenge. The priest Shri Yagyaprakashji Bharti arrives and with his help, during the ritual of Durgashtami, Aditya lays out an intricate plan to trick Manjulika into thinking she is killing the king when she is actually slaying a dummy. After the "murder", Manjulika, now content, leaves Avni forever. Avni is healed and everything ends well. Aditya tells Radha, whom he has taken a liking to, that he will send his parents over if she is interested in marrying him, to which a happy Radha gives her silent consent.
-----------------------------------------------------------
"Bhram - An Illusion" is the story of Antara Tyagi and Shantanu Rawal and their love marred by the reality of life. Antara is a successful supermodel- who has it all but is hiding behind the veil of a traumatic past. Shantanu is the most eligible bachelor in town and his love for Antara will put his love, faith, family and friendships on trial.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Big Brother is a story set in modern India which revolves around a small middle-class family composed of Dev Sharma (Sunny Deol), his wife Aarti (Priyanka Chopra), his mother (Farida Jalal), brother Imran Khan and sister Prachi. Although they lead a simple and peaceful lifestyle, an incident occurs that changes their lives forever. The family is left with no choice but to leave Delhi and move to Mumbai in disguise. They start life afresh and all seems well until the ghosts of the past surface again. A full of motivation which somehow make you realize that there has to be someone who could change the system. Things reach a point when Dev Sharma is prodded by his mother to take a course of action which not only avenges their plight but also take on the cause of the aggrieved in the country as a whole. The movement so created gets the support of the woman at large and the infirm who proudly proclaim him to be their Big Brother.
It is remake of Tamil film Baashha starring Rajnikant. This film was later remade in Kannada as Kotigobba starring Vishnuvardhan and Priyanka Upendra in the lead roles and again remade in Bengali as Guru starring Mithun Chakraborty, Tapas Paul, Subhendu Chattopadhyay and Jisshu Sengupta.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film revolves around a successful advertising campaign manager named Arjun Dutt (Siddharth). During a routine medical check-up, he discovers that he is HIV positive. He is totally devastated. Instead of facing the truth and telling his pregnant wife and son, he runs away from his home and job.
While wandering like a beggar through the trains, he is robbed by a group of thugs who beat him up and leave him for dead. Then a doctor (Pankaj Kapoor) takes him to his hospital. After coming to his senses, Siddharth tries to go but is stopped by the doctor. The doctor conducts another test to find that Siddharth is, actually, HIV negative.
Siddharth returns to his family and while searching through his doctor's records discovers that another patient, also named Arjun Dutt (Pawan Malhotra), is HIV positive while he has always been HIV negative. Now, he is faced with the dilemma of telling the currently happy man the truth, or remaining silent.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Laxmikant Kabadiya (Anupam Kher) is one of India's richest industrialists, a self made man who's risen from selling scrap to become a construction magnate. His conglomerate is on the verge of a 5000 crore ($1 billion) IPO that should make them one of the largest companies in the country. LK's family - his spinster twin sister Prerna (Mahabanoo Mody-Kotwal), his two sons Ranjeet and Sameer (Mukesh Tiwari), their wives Shruti and Anju (Mona Ambegaonkar) respectively and Ranjeet's daughters Sanjana and Namrata, and Sameer's son, Pawan, can't stop salivating at the thought of all that money.
Unfortunately for all of them fate displays a wicked sense of humour. On the night before the IPO opens, LK dies while copulating with a starlet Kim (Rakhi Sawant), who's aspiring to become the heroine of a film that LK plans to produce. The family is distraught and horrified. Not because a loved one has died but because now no one will buy their shares. So, on the advice of their family guru - Vidyut Baba (Om Puri), the family decides to hide the death of LK for a period of two days till the shares are all sold out. Little do they realize the crazy series of events that will follow on account of this duplicity.
After all, hiding the death of a man as famous as LK is a Herculean task. To make matters worse, every time they're ready to announce LK's death, fate intervenes forcing them to keep his death hidden for another couple of days. This results in them having to announce the death of a fictitious friend or relative of LK and stage fake funerals. Which of course means generating dead bodies and, worse, getting the dead LK to make appearances at these funerals.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with Danny (Zayed Khan) boarding an plane. A girl named Ria (Ayesha Takia), enters the flight, talking very loudly and rudely to a somebody on her phone, irrationally arguing as to why people should not travel on aeroplanes. She even mistreats the cabin crew and casually asks Danny to put something in her bag. Seeing an opportunity to talk to her as they are both alone in the business section of the flight, he introduces himself as Dhananjay Jumbevalkar and craftily manages to engage her in a conversation and they decide that over the course of the journey, he will tell her a story of three unique diamonds worth 200 carats each.
The story begins in 1836 where a miner in Southern India finds a diamond as he mines coal. The miner gives the diamond to his king, who in turn gives it to an English Viceroy. However, the ship in which the Viceroy is travelling sinks and the diamond, too, is lost at sea. Many years later, the diamond is found by a fisherman in Bulgaria, who gives it to the ruler. The ruler decides to give three pieces of the diamond to his three sons but one of them loses it by gambling, an Australian army officer takes the second piece and the last one is taken by a unidentified man, who steals it from him. Many more years later, the diamonds resurface again in 1994 where a gangster sells the two pieces to a man known only as Uncle. However, they are unaware that there was a third piece, which has surfaced only recently.
A businessman calls the Indian Intelligence Unit in Cape Town, South Africa, and asks for protection as he takes something valuable, most probably the diamond, from one place to another. Shanaya (Shamita Shetty) is assigned to the case. However, in transit, the diamond is stolen by henchmen working for a Chinese gangster. Their rival, Uncle, another influential gangster, wants all the diamonds for himself. One of Uncle's trusted aides, Angad (Sunil Shetty) had been shot and betrayed by the former into going to prison. Now, as he is released, he volunteers to steal the diamond for Uncle, who does not trust him. Angad meets his old partner Aditi (Dia Mirza), for the job and asks her to provide a team of the quickest, fastest and most unbeatable, thieves ever. Aditi decides to meet Doc (Ajay Devgn), the leader of a gang of thieves. Doc had been an engineer who specialised in making weapons. He has no real name or identity. Doc is also masquerading as Karan, a writer, who is Shanaya's boyfriend, with her being unaware of his true identity. The job Aditi tells Doc about involves stealing a painting from an art gallery and then delivering it to a yacht. The payment would be 4 million dollars
Doc says that two people are needed for such a job. The first he recommends, is Lucky (Ritesh Deshmukh), an expert on skateboards and parachutes. The second is Danny (Zayed Khan), an expert in water sports. However, the two hate each other to the core and always, often comically, find themselves in the same place, completing the same heist. However, to keep both of them at bay, Doc, hires Pooja (Esha Deol), another thief who worked with Danny and Lucky as a partner, and with whom both of them were in love at a given point of time. Pooja barely manages to keep them both at bay as they try to meet her, once again, at the same time. The plan is laid out. Lucky would walk into the art exhibition and steal the painting, escaping on the road. Lucky is then asked to throw the painting into the water at a stipulated point, where Danny would pick it up and deliver it to a yacht. Lucky and Danny would both be given 2 million dollars for the job, each. At the same time Doc would steal this money from a convoy belonging to an unknown drug lord named Hafeez Bhai.
The plan works as per requirement and all the three stages are successful. However, this heist only turns out to be a distraction for a bigger one that Angad had had in mind earlier. With the painting being robbed, Angad, who wants the diamonds for himself, would have enough time to steal the diamonds from Uncle's boat. He betrays Uncle, kills him for his betrayal and escapes from the boat. In the confusion, Aditi steals the money for the diamonds from Uncle's vault on the boat, which she then uses to make the deal with the Chinese gangster who had stolen the last and final piece, thus acquiring all three pieces
There is a set up however, since the armoured convoy Doc is robbing turns out to be a cover for a police team headed by Shanaya. Even though he manages to escape with the money, it is later revealed that the money that Doc had stolen from the convoy was marked. Angad had set them up, knowing well that the armoured convoy was a police team. Aditi had made the deal for the last piece of the diamond, going in place of Shanaya, who would have been stopped by Doc's robbing of the money she was carrying. Aditi is unaware of Angad's true motives, and she is set up as well after the Chinese Mafia she made the deal with is caught and reveals all the information about her.
Doc then books a yacht which he pays for with the marked money, for a birthday party for Shanaya (he plans to propose to her). Over phone, Shanaya informs him that the money was marked and had just been spent for a party on a yacht. He rushes back, just in time, to prevent the manager of the yacht from revealing his real identity to her. Later on, the police have used the information on Aditi and have already made sure that she does not leave the country with either the diamonds or the money. Doc, who has realised that the job was a set up, calls Aditi and informs her that the police have information about her, including the number of the flight she was supposed to be leaving the country on, all the time expressing anger that she had trusted someone like Angad, who had betrayed not only Doc's team, but her as well. Aditi hides the diamonds in her car, confronts Angad, who does not deny setting her up along with the others, and escapes to a casino, where she runs into Lucky, who is there to spend his money to gamble. While they collide with each other, she discreetly exchanges her car keys with his, before being captured by Angad, who shoots her dead after a further confrontation. Doc, finding Aditi dead, gets a call from Angad, who demands that his diamonds be given back. Danny, who is at the airport with Pooja, gets a call from his friend, to whom he had given his share of the money to send to India, informing him that the money is marked. Sensing Pooja's desperation at this fact, he goes with her to save Lucky, who escapes with their help after a car chase and a gun fight. The trio then get together and confront Doc and find out the truth about the set up. While Doc says that the diamonds are in Aditi's car, the team is unaware that Lucky has it.
After a bomb scare which was supposed to kill Shanaya, Angad now gives Doc a limited amount of time to give him the diamonds. The group first save their skins from Shanaya and the police by storming into the hospital and scaring the injured and terrified yacht manager into silence about Doc's identity. However Shanaya is captured by Angad's men, and is being led away in a convoy, which is disguised as a police team. A separate convoy contains the car, which contained the diamonds, and which had been taken away as the group had realised that they had had it. Angad calls again and demands the diamonds in lieu of Shanaya's life. The group is forced to formulate a plan then and there. They first change the traffic lights and also stage a traffic jam so that both convoys can change to routes that they desire, with the idea being that they would have to travel outside city limits.The team uses this change of route to its advantage. Doc and Lucky intercept the second convoy, blowing up the rest of the cars and acquiring the car containing the diamonds, while Danny and Pooja intercept the first, with Pooja saving Shanaya's life. Doc, Lucky and Danny, then go to confront Angad. While Danny and Lucky beat up Angad's henchmen, Doc confronts Angad and the trio shoots him dead for betraying them and Aditi.
It is here that the flight lands and Ria and Dhananjay exit the plane to be met by the members of the group, including Doc. It his revealed by Doc here that "Ria", was actually Preeti, a new member in their group. Dhananjay now laughs at the fact that she knew him to be Danny all along. At this, Shanaya arrives, apparently still unaware of Doc's real identity. Smiling, the group then leaves the airport while Doc muses to Shanaya about another diamond in a nearby museum, possibly hinting at another heist.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Chak De! India opens in Delhi during the final minutes of a fictional Hockey World Cup match between Pakistan and India, with Pakistan leading 1–0. When Indian team captain Kabir Khan (Shah Rukh Khan) is fouled, he takes a penalty stroke. His shot just misses, costing India the match. Soon afterwards, media outlets circulate a photograph of Khan shaking hands with the Pakistani captain. The sporting gesture is misunderstood, and the Muslim Khan is suspected of "throwing" the game out of sympathy towards Pakistan. Religious prejudice forces him and his mother (Joyshree Arora) from their family home.
Seven years later Mr. Tripathi (Anjan Srivastav), the head of India's hockey association, meets with Khan's friend—and hockey advocate—Uttamaji (Mohit Chauhan) to discuss the Indian women's hockey team. According to Tripathi, the team has no future since the only long-term role for women is to "cook and clean". Uttamaji, however, tells him that Kabir Khan (whom no one has seen for seven years) wants to coach the team. Initially sceptical, Tripathi agrees to the arrangement.
Khan finds himself in charge of a group of 16 young women (each representing a different state), divided by their competitive nature and regional prejudices. Komal Chautala (Chitrashi Rawat), a village girl from Haryana, clashes with Preeti Sabarwal (Sagarika Ghatge) from Chandigarh; short-tempered Balbir Kaur (Tanya Abrol) from Punjab bullies Rani Dispotta (Seema Azmi) and Soimoi Kerketa (Nisha Nair), who are from remote villages in Jharkhand. Mary Ralte (Kimi Laldawla) from Mizoram and Molly Zimik (Masochon "Chon Chon" Zimik), from Manipur in North-East India, face widespread discrimination and sexual harassment. Team captain Vidya Sharma (Vidya Malvade) must choose between hockey and the wishes of her husband Rakesh's (Nakul Vaid) family, and Preeti's fiancé—Abhimanyu Singh (Vivan Bhatena), vice-captain of the India national cricket team—feels threatened by her involvement with the team.
Khan realizes that he can make the girls winners only if he can help them overcome their differences. During his first few days as coach he benches several players who refuse to follow his rules—including Bindia Naik (Shilpa Shukla), his most experienced player. In response, Bindia repeatedly encourages the other players to defy Khan. When she finally succeeds, Khan angrily resigns; however, he invites the staff and team to a farewell lunch at McDonald's. During the lunch, local boys make a pass at Mary; Balbir attacks them, triggering a brawl between the boys and the team. Khan, recognizing that they are acting as one for the first time, prevents the staff from intervening; he only stops a man from hitting one of the women from behind with a cricket bat, telling him that there are no cowards in hockey. In an about-face, after the fight the women ask Khan to remain as their coach.
The team faces new challenges. When Tripathi refuses to send the women's team to Australia for the World Cup, Khan proposes a match against the men’s team. Although his team loses, their performance inspires Tripathi to send them to Australia after all. The tournament begins with a 7-0 loss to Australia, followed by victories over England, Spain, South Africa, New Zealand, Argentina and South Korea. They are again matched with Australia for the final; this time, they defeat the Hockeyroos for the World Cup. When the team returns home their families treat them with greater respect and Khan, his good name restored, returns with his mother to their ancestral home.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Cheeni Kum focuses on Buddhadev Gupta (Amitabh Bachchan). Buddhadev is the 64-year-old chef and owner of London's top Indian restaurant, Spice 6. He lives with his 85-year-old mother (Zohra Sehgal) and his only friend and confidante is his 9-year-old neighbour, Sexy (Swini Khara) who is diagnosed with cancer and been to the hospital seven times. Buddhadev Gupta is an arrogant, ego-centric, pompous man with a singular passion in life — cooking. He is a confirmed bachelor who has never been in love until 34-year-old Nina Verma (Tabu) walks into his restaurant and his life. Nina is a beautiful and charming Indian woman. Cool, calm, quiet, always smiling but independent and strong willed. The two extreme in age, character and attitude, meet and against all odds, fall in love. They decide to get married and like any Indian man, Buddhadev respectfully comes to ask Nina's father, Omprakash Verma (Paresh Rawal), who is a true Gandhian living in Delhi, for her hand. The main problem here is the Buddhadev is older than Nina's father. Omprakash is horrified when Buddhadev asks his daughter's hand and intentionally refuses, he attempts to commit suicide by starving himself to death. Buddha explains to him why he loved Nina and what kind of father is he keeping Nina single for 34 years. He left them with his mother and is horrified when Sexy's father (Vinay Jain) calls him and said that Sexy just died. Omprakash finally realises his mistake and lets Nina go after Buddhadev and with his in-laws family, he let them go to London to his restaurant. He bonds with Omprakash when he tells him he got tickets to the cricket match.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ravi (Jimmy Shergill), Shiv (Kabir Sadanand) and Sunny (Farid Amiri), three final year students from a Delhi Mass Com College decided to make their diploma film about a myth which was prevalent in the northern hills of India. But, they did not know that the myth would turn out to be the truth.
Ravi planned the trip against the wishes of his girlfriend Rashmi (Kim Sharma) and college professor Saxena (Ahmed Khan) as both of them thought it to be a dangerous trip. However, Sunny eagerly joined the trip considering it as a fun trip. It was surely fun when they began... But as they got deeper into the jungle their courage and beliefs were put to test.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Simran, an orphan who has always wanted a large family, seems to have her dreams come true when she marries Aman, a soldier. When Aman dies in an accident, Simran must honor her vow to take care of the family and keep it united.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Delhi Heights is a high-rise apartment in Delhi, where Abi (Jimmy Shergill) and his wife (Neha Dhupia) live, a married couple who work for rival companies. It's about how their professional lives affect their personal ones. Also, there lives Timmy Kohli (Om Puri), a fun loving Sikh, with his wife Ruby (Kamini Khanna) and two daughters, Sweety (Sakshi Gulati) and (Shaina Ahluwalia) . Then there is Bobby (Rohit Roy) and his wife Saima (Simone Singh). Bobby is a compulsive flirt and his wife knows about it. How things take place and how their lives change is to be seen.
Then there is Lucky (Vivek Shauq), a cricket bookie, a hilarious character in itself. Also, there are four boys(Mohit Sehgal), Anuj Sachdeva and(Kinshuk Mahajan) {are 3 of them }, residents of Delhii Heights, who keep running after girls and pulling each other's legs.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about four good-for-nothing friends: Boman Contractor (Aashish Chaudhary), Roy (Riteish Deshmukh), Aditya 'Adi' Srivastav (Arshad Warsi), and his dim witted younger brother Manav (Javed Jaffrey). The story starts when the four are kicked out of their house by their landlady (Suhasini Mulay) for not paying their rents, for stealing her pizza, and for lying to her that Adi has a sister who has cancer and that they needed money for her treatment. Desperate to earn money, they devise up a plan. Adi tells Manav to steal a painting of a 'horse eating grass' from the house. They decide to sell it to the son of the late Businessman Dwiwedi. But Manav accidentally picks up a blank painting not knowing the reality. They humorously sell the painting for Rs.20,000 to him after knowing that Manav has picked up the wrong painting.
They then pick up the original painting with the intention to sell it to Mr. Agarwal not knowing that he has been murdered. The case is handled by Inspector Kulkarni (Murli Sharma). He learns that before Mr. Agrawal was murdered he was speaking on the phone to somebody and he mentioned the words 'horse' and 'grass'. He interprets these words to be some code language. Unfortunately the four arrive at Agrawal's residence. Kulkarni demands to see the painting. Seeing the horse and grass he immediately arrests them.
While travelling on the highway Kulkarni drops the four on the road after realising that they are innocent. The four are overjoyed when suddenly they witness a car accident. The car belongs to the Don Bose (Prem Chopra). In his last words he tells them that he has hidden a treasure of 10 Crores in the St. Sebastian garden in Goa under a big 'W'. He tells them to divide the money equally among themselves. They come across Inspector Kabir Nayak (Sanjay Dutt) who has been trying to arrest Bose for the past ten years. He tries to extract information from the four but in vain, they escape from there and decide to travel to Goa. Desperate for his promotion, Kabir is determined to capture the four.
All four friends steal Boman's car which belongs to his father Nari (Asrani), who loves his car more than his son and threw his son out after he damaged his car. The friends manage to steal their car but not before hitting Nari on the head and making him unconscious. Unfortunately, Roy loses control of the car in a forest and hits it against a tree breaking both headlights. They decide to spend the night in the car.
The next day Kabir is transferred to Yavatmal for failing to capture Bose. Furious he walks towards his table where Nari is waiting for him to file a complaint against his son for stealing his car. He gives Kabir the photos of Boman and his car. Meanwhile all four come across a broken bridge which is the only way through the forest. They decide to jump the car but Boman is reluctant to do so. Unfortunately they manage to jump the car on the other side but it blasts off.
Kabir tracks the four down after discovering the destroyed car. He is able to learn the location of the treasure due to Manav's dumbness. He ties all four of them to a tree and sets off. However they manage to escape and it is revealed that Roy had actually cut the engine wires of Kabir's car so he must have not gone too far. They reach a dhabha and pretend to be detectives. They make the villagers believe that Kabir is a member of the Pasha gang and lures them to capture him for the reward would be Rs. 15 lakhs. Unfortunately Kabir defeats the villagers and he and the four arrive at a settlement - 60% would belong to the four and 40% would belong to Kabir. But Boman insists on having his money separately for damaging his car from the rest of the three. Consequently a fight ensues and is decided that whoever reaches the treasure first would take all the money.
All four part ways and try to reach Goa as soon as possible. Roy encounters a terrorist Babubhai (Sanjay Mishra) and agree to divide the money among themselves provided they reach Goa as soon as possible. Boman also encounters his father. Though Nari initially wants to kill his son, changes his mind after he learns about the ten crores. Adi and Manav travel together. Kabir nearly escapes death as he hangs off a cliff and is rescued by some school children whose school bus he stole. All of them go through a series of humorous adventures before reaching Goa. Unfortunately all of them (except Kabir) reach the garden at the same time. Finally Roy explains that it is useless finding the treasure alone and all agree to find the money together. They all search for the big 'W'. Manav is able to locate the Palm trees which make the shape of a 'W' when a crow poos on Adi. But Kabir arrives there and tells them to divide the money against them to which all agree. They dig there and are able to find the money. But again a fight ensues over the payment for the damage of the car. All are enraged when Adi and Manav decide to pay the money as one unit but are separate units while taking money. The fight goes on during which Kabir takes all the money and runs. He tries to escape in a hot air balloon on a beach but finds it tied to a pole. He dives in an effort to cut the rope but is beaten up by the rest who pursue him. The balloon blows off shore and all are disheartened.
Conditions change when the wind changes direction and the balloon again blows onshore. They follow the balloon in a towing van. The balloon clashes against a pole and the bag falls down. All of them try to collect as much money as they can when suddenly some spot lights focus on them and a crowd cheers loudly behind them. They are actually standing in stage where a function is being held by an organisation named 'Help Orphans'. Seeing the money everybody thinks they have come here to donate money. All of them get emotional and all decide to donate the money for the orphans. The film ends on a happy note conveying that the fate of the money was already decided. It never belonged to the four friends. They were just a medium which helped the money reach its true destination.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is based in Benares and is about Pandit Chaturvedi (Pankaj Kapoor), a highly revered and learned Brahmin priest. A baby is abandoned by a woman and brought to his house by his daughter. He agrees to adopt the child due to requests from his wife (Supriya Pathak). Life takes a turn when the boy's mother returns: The family finds out that the boy is Muslim after they have become attached to him. The family gives back the boy to his mother. Chaturvedi engulfs himself in purification processes to cleanse his body, mind, and soul due to contact with a Muslim soul. By the time Chaturvedi thinks he is fully purified, the child reappears — seeking refuge, due to Hindu-Muslim riots. This is when Chaturvedi realizes that the true religion is humanity.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Inspector Zaid Ahmed (Muzammil Ibrahim) is notified on duty that there has been a bomb blast at a mall. After investigation, it is found out that the suicide bomber responsible was Sarah Khan (Tulip Joshi), Zaid's wife. Zaid finds it hard to believe on seeing his wife's dead body, and claims to have dropped her at the bus stop. Zaid, who is inspected by the ATS (Anti Terrorism Squad), is called off duty temporarily by ATS Chief Raj Mehra (Gulshan Grover), but stands firm to his statement that his wife could not be the terrorist responsible.
One day he receives a DVD, by post, at home, which consists of his wife's dying testimonial in which she accepts that she is the responsible terrorist. Not believing what he has seen, Zaid decides to visit Sarah's grandfather Saeed Noor Bux (Anupam Kher). On meeting him, Saeed reveals a rather shocking story. Sarah's father had been arrested by the Local Police and had been beaten as he was suspected for terrorist activities. During the interrogation he dies. The Police hides his body, claims that he has run to Pakistan and was found guilty of being a terrorist.
When Saeed complains about this incident to higher authorities, Sarah, her brother Daanish(Abhay Sacchar) and he himself are arrested by the Inspector, and are forced to sign a statement that they don't want to investigate this case. Upon refusal, they make nude videos of Sarah. After Saeed is forced to sign the statement, the inspector (Ashutosh Rana) asks Saeed and Imran to go home, takes Sarah to a cell, and rapes her. Due to this incident, Sarah and her brother start meeting a Molvi (Islamic Preacher) (Munish Makhija), who convinces them to lay down their lives by killing Non-Muslims. While Sarah was first in the league, her brother, who has been missing for a month, might follow her.
Zaid, horrified by this tale, tries to find Sarah's brother Imran, and finds him when he is being prepared to blast himself in a few days. As a result of chasing him, he finds out the Molvi behind this, and shares harsh words with him. Later he is kidnapped by the Molvi's men, and is about to be killed, when he fights for his life, escapes and tries to find Imran. He pleads with the ATS not to arrest Imran, and brings him to his senses, convincing him to take off the bomb.
It is later shown that the corrupt Inspector is arrested and sentenced. Saeed and Imran win the case with the help of Zaid. Zaid's rank is restored and he resumes duty. He then explains to the senior police officers how they force terrorists to be born just because of not being able to give them justice.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Pankaj (Sharman Joshi), Sameer (Tusshar Kapoor), Martand (Rajpal Yadav) and Gautam (Kunal Khemu) are bound together by their ambition to make it big in life with the least effort possible. Each one tries his hand at finding a short cut to success but ends up being in even deeper trouble. Things get worse when the four decide to take some desperate measures to end their misery once and for all.
They believe that the only way to get rich without working hard is to marry a wealthy girl. As luck would have it, a rich girl Ritu (Tanushree Dutta) arrives in their neighborhood. All four set out with their individual plans to marry her but end up discovering a shocking truth. Ritu came to the city to find about her brother's killers. All four of them try to impress Ritu but meanwhile they discover that ritu's brother died along with another friend of Ritu's brother. They try hard and finally Pankaj is decided to marry Ritu. Soon before marriage Ritu fiends the secret that his brother and his friend were in contact of a notorious gang leader Zikomo. Also Ritu finds that these four were bluffing all time just to impress her and so she starts avoiding them. One day Zikomo finds them and kidnap Ritu and her family members. He reveals to be the true killer and he confesses about killing Rahul and Jay. He asks for them to handover the Dhol if they wanted to see him alive, however Ritu's family members don't know about any Dhol. The real comedy fight ensues and Zikomo is killed in a self explosion at the end of the movie. Ritu hands over the Dhol and when they four of them throw the Dhol, they find it filled with money. Thus Zikomo was after the money and not Dhol. They take the money and movie ends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot is divided into ten stories
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story revolves around two people who miss the last local train at 1:40 am and how it changes the course of their lives forever. The protagonist Nilesh (Abhay Deol) works in a call centre firm cultivated by the IT industry. Night shifts, booze, after office parties seem to be the order of the day. When Nilesh misses his last train from Kurla to Vikroli, he is rudely shoved off by a police constable who wants to keep the station clean from anti-social elements. Nowhere to go, he strolls outside for an auto-rickshaw, where he bumps into a beautiful damsel in distress, Madhu (Neha Dhupia), also wanting a ride to Vikhroli. As it turns out, the rickshaws are on strike due to a bomb blast earlier in the day at Ghatkopar. Nilesh and Madhu are forced to walk to the next rickshaw stand.
Nilesh stops by a local pub and is unable to resist his temptation to have a drink or two. He meets an old friend, Pat, who appears to have amassed a lot of money within a year through gambling. Knowing his expertise with the cards, Pat invites Nilesh to join him in the inner chambers to play with the high rollers. Upon some persuasion from Madhu, he gives in and gambles. Taking over Nilesh's turn, Pat loses all the money they have won to an underworld don. In the meantime, in his search for Madhu, Nilesh stumbles into the restroom where he finds Madhu apparently being forced upon by a local goon. He later learns that she was just plying her trade. A police encounter specialist, a religious but notorious south Indian don, a gay underworld don and the Mumbai red light underbelly too get involved. Starting the adventure with just Rs. 70 in his pocket, when he catches the first morning train home 2-½ hours later, he has Rs. 2.5 crores in his hands. How Nilesh lands up with this bounty and the girl by missing his train sums up this comic thriller.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Contemporary India. A majestic fort. A royal dynasty that no longer rules. A king without a kingdom. Yet Eklavya (Amitabh Bachchan), their royal guard, lives in a time warp. He lives only to protect the fort, the dynasty, and the king. For nine generations Eklavya's family has protected Devigarh, a centuries-old citadel in Rajasthan. His marksmanship is the stuff of legends. His unflinching loyalty inspires ballads. Eklavya has spent his entire life serving the royals and closely guarding their secrets but now he's getting old and increasingly blind. Unable to cope with the suffocating customs of his land, the heir, Prince Harshwardhan (Saif Ali Khan), has stayed away in London. But the sudden demise of the queen, Rani Suhasinidevi (Sharmila Tagore), forces the Prince back to the kingdom he had left behind. The queen leaves a letter for her son in which she tells him that his biological father is actually Eklavya.
The Prince's return brings a rush of joy into the moribund fort. His mentally challenged twin sister, Princess Nandini (Raima Sen), and his childhood love, Rajjo (Vidya Balan), are delighted to see him. But the joy of reunion is short-lived.
There is unrest in the kingdom: Farmers are being stripped of their lands. The king, Rana Jaywardhan (Boman Irani), influenced by his brother, Rana Jyotiwardhan (Jackie Shroff), supports the atrocities being forced upon the helpless peasants. The king receives a death threat over the phone. An irreverent police officer, Pannalal Chohar (Sanjay Dutt), is called in to investigate. But he might be too late. The fragile peace of the land is suddenly shattered by a barrage of bullets. Jaywardhan instructs his brother to kill Eklavya in a fit of rage but his brother betrays him and kills him and his driver (Rajjo's father). And amidst the mayhem, the safely guarded secrets of the fort are revealed.
Eklavya suspects Jyotiwardhan and his son, Udaywardhan (Jimmy Shergill), are responsible for Jaywardhan's death. He kills Udaywardhan and leads Jyotiwardhan to Udaywardhan's body, intending to kill him and fulfill his oath, whereupon Jyotiwardhan reveals to Eklavya that it was the prince who ordered the murder of the king. Shouting in denial, Eklavya kills Jyotiwardhan, knowing he must face the young Prince, his own son, in order to finally fulfill his dharma.
Harshwardhan, overcome with guilt, reveals his own hand in the murder of Jaywardhan to Rajjo, who leaves him because his actions also caused the death of her father. When Eklavya comes to the palace to kill the Prince, he explains why he killed the king. The King had murdered the Queen when she, in her semi-conscious state, kept saying Eklavya's name. Eklavya finally fulfills his dharma, by sparing his son's life and declaring the original Eklavya wrong. Rajjo eventually forgives Harshwardhan because she believes that he is truly sorry for his actions and Pannalal finds a suicide note saying that Udaywardhan and Jyotiwardhan, afraid that they were about to be caught, jumped in front of a train.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A million-worth diamond discovered in India is stolen and sent to Dubai. To pick up the diamond from Dubai Airport, Rocky (Chunkey Pandey) is sent. However, a dreaded underworld don, Moscow Chikna (Arbaaz Khan) kidnaps Rocky and steals the diamond from him. After completing his job, Moscow Chikna kills Rocky and flees. The story then twists to another underworld don, JD (Zakir Hussain) also has his eyes on the stolen diamond. To steal the diamond from Moscow Chikna, JD sends a team of foolish robbers, including Raja (Shahid Kapoor), Tina (Ayesha Takia), Chobey (Paresh Rawal) and an dimwit pilot Puttu (Johnny Lever). As they fail to rob the diamond, they witness Moscow Chikna being murdered by an unknown gangster named Gunmaster G9. They manage to steal the diamond, but refuse to hand it over to JD. They escape from JD's trap, who then sends out gangsters looking for the four idiots. To get them out of trouble, comes in Raja's uncle Munna (Sunny Deol), who is also added to JD's wanted list. On top of all this, a bankrupt gambler Luckee (Vivek Oberoi) is stalking Munna to make him fight in a boxing match. Between all this confusion, the question is, who will get the diamond?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Gandhi My Father paints the picture of Gandhi's intricate, complex and strained relationship with son his Harilal Gandhi. From the onset, the two had dreams in opposite directions. Harilal's ambition was to study abroad and become a barrister like his father, while Gandhi hoped that his son would join him and fight for his ideals and causes in India.
When Gandhi does not give Harilal the opportunity to study abroad, it comes as a blow to Harilal. He decides to abandon his father’s vision and leaves South Africa for India where he joins his wife Gulab (Bhumika Chawla) and children. He goes back to further his education to earn his diploma but continuously fails and ends in financial ruins. Various plans and schemes decided by him to make money fail, leaving the family in poverty. Sick of his failure, Gulab returns to her parent’s house with the children, where she eventually dies from the flu epidemic. Distraught, Harilal turns to alcohol for solace and converts to Islam, only to re-convert to a different sect of Hinduism later on. With political tension heating up, the rift between Gandhi and his eldest son grows until it is beyond repair. Harilal finds it unbearable to live in the enormous shadow of his father. Gandhi is assassinated before the two can reconcile and Harilal attends his father's funeral virtually as a stranger, almost unrecognizable to those around him. A short while later, he passes away, alone and in poverty, having failed to find his own identity.
-----------------------------------------------------------
When Roshni and Sudeep take their nine-year-old daughter, Shivani to their ancestral home, little do they know what is in store for them? The twosome has some unanswered questions from the past, which now come back to haunt them. Their mistake is now threatening to take their only daughter away from them.......
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raju Malhotra (Emraan Hashmi) and Rajan Malhotra (Tusshar Kapoor) study in the same college but are poles apart in everything. While Raju is a brat, poor in studies but good in sports, Rajan is a brilliant student but a zero in extracurricular activities. The college they study in has a new and strict principal Mr. Awasthi (Paresh Rawal) who wants to transform this ill-reputed college into a most flocked one. Hence he divides the students according to their merit. So while Raju is fit for C section, for poorly faring students, Rajan easily gets access to the A section with his 90% marks. But Raju falls for a girl in A-section and hence swaps his place with a hesitant Rajan who enters C-section for the first time in his life. Mr. Awasthi comes to know of this and decides to teach them a lesson by sending their names to a quiz and dance competition. So now, geeky Rajan will have to dance while brat Raju will have to answer question hurled at him. What will Raju and Rajan do? Will they accept the challenge or just scoot off?
-----------------------------------------------------------
The beginning of the film is set in 1951 in a small village of Idar in Sabarkantha district, northern Gujarat, where a young man named Gurukant "Guru" Desai (Abhishek Bachchan) dreams of making it big some day. His father (Rajendra Gupta), the headmaster of the village school, tells him not to dream and that dreams never come true. Gurukant decides to go to Turkey and enter the spice trade; later, he is promoted but refuses the job, as he wants to work for himself. Back in his village, he marries Sujata (Aishwarya Rai Bachchan), mainly because of the dowry she brings him. Along with Sujata and her brother Jignesh (Arya Babbar), Guru migrates to Bombay and starts trading in cloth. Gradually, he expands his business and sets up manufacturing units of his own, under the name "Shakti Corporation".
Manik "Nanaji" Dasgupta (Mithun Chakraborty), who publishes a newspaper Swatantra, treats Guru as his son. Guru likewise looks upon him as a father figure who gives him support during his early days of struggle in Bombay. He also develops a strong friendship with Meenu (Vidya Balan), granddaughter of Dasgupta. Meenu develops multiple sclerosis as she grows up, and begins using a wheelchair.
As Gurukant Desai's business grows into one of the largest in India, he ruthlessly pursues success. He smuggles machine parts for his polyester mills, illegally creates goods, and manipulates stocks to make a higher profit. But when Manik Dasgupta learns that Guru's means of success are not always honest, he, along with a reporter of his newspaper, Shyam Saxena (Madhavan), decide to expose Guru's increasingly corrupt ways.
The stress of his battle with the newspaper causes Guru to have a stroke, and he is paralysed on his right side. Meanwhile, Meenu (Vidya Balan), who is now married to Shyam, is slowly weakening from her illness, and eventually dies. In the end, Guru is brought before a private government inquiry on 16 October 1980 to defend himself against the charges pressed against him, but delivers a speech in front of the press the next day that forces the government to clear him of 27 of the 29 charges against him. He is charged with a fine of ₹6.3 million (equivalent to ₹100 million or US$1.6 million in 2016) and ₹96,000 (equivalent to ₹1.6 million or US$24,000 in 2016) for the respective 2 charges, which are proved and is allowed to return to his company.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dr. Satyajit Chavan is the head doctor at a civil hospital in Delhi. Satyajit is well regarded and respected, but he has terrible bedside manners and is generally rude to everyone. His staff of doctors, most of whom are young interns fresh out of medical school, inquire about his bedside manner. He curtly informs them that his job is to treat patients and that beds must be allocated to the ones who are most likely to survive and get better. We discover that government hospitals (especially in large cities like Mumbai) are severely limited in bed space and attract the worst stricken patients in the city. These draconian conditions have shaped Satyajit and his views on treatment.
Sarbajeet "Saby" Singh and Kashmira Singh are a young Punjabi couple; they are about to marry. In a departure from the arranged marriages, they have chosen each other independently. They invite their parents to a joint dinner and inform them of their choice. The parents are cheerful to oblige, and they gladly arrange the wedding ceremony. Once married, however, Saby and Kashmira discover their varying interests and aspirations. The main conflict is around cricket: Saby is a great fan of cricket, and Kashmira does not care very much for the sport. Saby watches every India match with unfailing zeal. Kashmira however is left alone and unattended, and she gradually feels abandoned and unloved.
Hemendra "Hemu" Patel is a janitor working at a London airport. He represents the journey of a poor immigrant. His main goal is to secure British citizenship so that he can return to India with great ceremony (as he has seen bestowed upon his other relatives who have attained foreign citizenship). He deals with the cultural differences of his UK-inclined teenage daughter. His wife Priya is affectionate and supportive. Though she does not share his obsequious quest for British citizenship, she generally encourages him to achieve his goals.
David Abraham, affectionately called "Chinaman" by fans, is a celebrated Indian cricketer. He has retired from active international cricket, but he is frequently invited to games (for commentary), functions and sporting events as the guest of honor.
Saby's parents confront him. They point out that he has ignored Kashmira in his zealous enthusiasm for cricket. How will she be able to love him when he is not able to understand her needs? He finally understands this, and returns to Kashmira with a renewed zest for making her happy. They are reunited.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Arush Mehra (Akshay Kumar) lives a fairly wealthy lifestyle in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia with roommates Tanmay Joglekar (Ritesh Deshmukh) and Ali Haider (Fardeen Khan). Arush works for a popular dance club, while Tanmay entertains children as 'Eddy Teddy', and Ali takes care of their apartment. Mostly he watches cricket and does betting on it. All three are womanizers and usually end up sleeping with different women. One day, they find a baby girl (Juanna Sanghvi) outside their door with a note instructing them to take care of her, since one of them is her father. The three men go to all the women they dated and slept with, but none claims the baby is theirs.
The men try to take care of the baby, but she becomes a huge pain. So, they drop her off at a house near a church. They the set of for a Christmas party. They are all thinking of the girl. A big rainstorm occurs, the baby develops an illness after being caught in the rain. The three men stay with the baby in the hospital, realizing how much they love her. She recovers, and the guys become changed men. They love her, pamper her, and grow an attachment towards her. They name her Angel. One morning, a woman named Isha (Vidya Balan) comes to take Angel back, claiming the baby to be her daughter. The guys are shocked as Arush tells them about his past.
One year ago, Arush travelled to Delhi to attend his cousin Arjun's wedding. There, he met Isha Sahni, who also resides in Australia. He won her over and they spent the night together. Shortly after, Isha caught him in a compromising situation with Devika Sharma (Sindhura Gadde), Isha's friend, so the couple split up. It was not Arush's fault as Devika forced herself on top of him. Arush returned to Sydney and forgot about the incident.
The guys find it very difficult to live without Angel. Arush ends up challenging Isha to marry someone faithful within seven days who will accept Angel as a daughter. If she's unsuccessful, she will have to give Angel back to him. They sign a contract to finalise the deal. The men worry that they might lose the bet since Isha is beautiful and wealthy. Arush plans with Tanmay, Ali and Bharat, who is Isha's father in order to keep Angel with him.
His first attempt involves Ali posing as a botany professor named Parimal Tripathi who speaks very pure Hindi. Bharat is impressed by Parimal by this. They manage to get through a few days of the week until one day Isha asks him about marriage for the next day. After Isha says this, Ali talks to Arush and Tanmay who tell him to go to Disneyland where Ali gets Bharat attacked. He is stopped from further efforts by Tanmay in the 'Eddy Teddy' costume. Bharat decides that Tanmay is the right man for Isha. Tanmay, Arush and Ali make plans to stop Isha from marrying someone else. As the contract is about to terminate, Isha somehow manages to find out the truth that she has been cheated by her father, Tanmay, Ali and most of all Arush.
Isha goes with Angel to her private jet to go somewhere very far because she has lost the deal. As she is about to leave she is stopped by some cops because Ali and Tanmay called them. As they are arguing, Arush turns up showing Isha the contract and tearing it up indicating that Isha now has every right over Angel. But before the three men leave heartbroken, Arush says that a child needs a mother the most but it also needs a father. Just as they are leaving, Angel says her first word "Dada", but nevertheless Isha takes her away in the aeroplane.
The three men are depressed as they assume that they may never see Angel again until they are surprised to see her on their doorstep. Isha finally admits her love for Arush and the film ends with their marriage taking place, and angel's photoshoot.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Aditya Kashyap (Shahid Kapoor), a wealthy industrialist faces many problems in business and personal life. He seems really depressed and is going through a lot in his life . After attending his girlfriend's wedding with someone else, he leaves his mobile, car and identities behind and walks away. At chatrapathi shivaji terminal he boards a departing train. He is not even aware where the train is headed to and just boards it. It is there where he bumps into Geet Dhillon (Kareena Kapoor), an energetic, talkative Punjabi girl. He is so lost in his thoughts that he tries to jump off of the train but Geet reaches there on time and stops Aditya from doing so.He finds her irritating and shouts and eventually ends up offending her a little but she continues her chatter after he apologizes.
Aditya gets off the train and Geet follows him making her miss the train. Aditya reluctantly agrees to help Geet by driving a taxi at a stupendously fast speed to the next train station where the train Geet was in was to stop next. However, Geet misses the train again and Geet and Aditya rent a room but is later raided by the police.
Aditya starts to feel good about life again and starts to have fun with Geet and also takes him to her home in Bhatinda where her Punjabi family is very thankful to Aditya. When Geet's grandfather( Dara Singh) sees them both together, he thinks that they are a couple and that they are in love with each other. But no one seems to believe him. Aditya has fallen in love with Geet but is aware that Geet does not love him and instead loves Anshuman (Tarun Arora). Geet decides to elopes with Anshuman as she was sure that her family wouldn't agree for their marriage as their religions are different. When she escapes from her house along with Aditya, her family thinks that they both eloped. They go to Manali, where Anshuman resides. Geet requests Aditya to come with her and meet Anshuman, but he says that their journey together is over and bids her farewell, and the two part ways.
Nine months later, Aditya's company announces the name of a new caller card as Geet on television which Geet's family see. When Geet's uncle (Pavan Malhotra) angrily meets Aditya he says Geet is not with him but somehow knows that she is fine but actually he does not know Geet's condition as he thought Geet would be with Anshuman. He goes to meet Anshuman and discovers that Anshuman had rejected Geet.
Aditya then goes to Manali where he is shocked to see Geet as a depressed and quiet schoolteacher, having lost her bubbly and energetic character. He brings her back home to Bhatinda to her relatives as promised to her uncle. He takes Anshuman there too as his friend. Geet's grandfather again says that they are a couple which is true as Aditya and Geet love each other but Geet thinks she loves Anshuman. All the rituals are performed with Aditya when they should be done with Anshuman but the family does not know about Anshuman.
Aditya chooses to leave as he still thinks Geet loves Anshuman. After Aditya leaves the field where he, Geet and Anshuman were, Anshuman tells Geet that she needs to tell her family that she loves Anshuman. Upon hearing this, Geet realises that she was unable to tell her mother about Anshuman despite having an opportunity and cannot do so because she realises that she loves Aditya. She runs away from the field only to find Aditya with a kid of her family and kisses him showing that she has finally admitted that she loves Aditya. They get married and have twin daughters.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with a mysterious Romani people gypsy-like musician (Amitabh Bachchan) leading the crowds at Waterloo station in London in a dance to the title song.
At the station, two strangers, Rikki Thukral (Abhishek Bachchan) and Alvira Khan (Preity Zinta), wait for their respective friends arriving on the same train. Rikki is a fun-loving Punjabi from Bhatinda who lives in Southall, while Alvira is a sexy, elite class Pakistani from Lahore who is more assimilated into British culture. The two share a table in a café together and to kill the time they talk about how they met their partners-to-be.
Rikki says that he met his fiancé, Anaida Raza, at Hôtel Ritz Paris, the same night that Diana, Princess of Wales and Dodi Al-Fayed left the hotel to take their last journey together. Rikki explains "When two lovers die, another two are born", as he fell in love with Anaida that night. Alvira says she met her fiancé, the dashing lawyer Steve Singh, at Madame Tussauds in London when he saved her from death by a falling Superman wax model. The encounter changed her life and she was smitten by the lawyer who also helped her sue Madame Tussauds for substantial damages.
As Rikki and Alvira talk they begin to enjoy each other's company and their different backgrounds cease to matter. They exchange numbers and go to meet their partners. However, it is then revealed that they had not gone to meet their respective partners. Rikki is in fact at the train station to meet his business partner, while Alvira is meeting her relatives. As they leave the station separately, they realise they are in love, but believe their love is unrequited, each of the other.
The two get in touch when Alvira calls Rikki, pretending it was a wrong number. They decide to meet up at a disco where there is a dance competition but both try to maintain that they are engaged. Out of desperation, Rikki hires Laila (Lara Dutta), a prostitute, to pose as Anaida, and Alvira fools and then blackmails Satvinder (Bobby Deol) to pretend to be Steve. The four meet at a club and take part in the dance competition, while throwing insults at each other. Rikki and Laila emerge as the winners but Alvira is jealous and storms out in tears.
Satvinder goes to Rikki's flat and tells him that he has fallen in love with Laila. He also tells him that Alvira is not engaged to him. Rikki, realising what has happened, goes to see Alvira, who is at first moping in bed and later tries to convince her cousin not to marry her. Rikki calls her from a neighbour's window. Then they confront each other and confess that they love each other and start to date while Satvinder and Laila go to Hollywood.
The film ends with the mysterious gypsy musician showing how Rikki and Alvira invented the stories about the non-existent lovers by taking inspiration from Alvira's newspaper and Rikki's comic book.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts out on a rainy night with a conversation between four cops in a police van, patrolling the streets of Mumbai. A car narrowly misses colliding into them on the road, brakes and then continues on towards a house with iron gates. A man in a jacket gets out from the car, heads towards the garage and opens the roller shutter door when he is shot from behind multiple times. At the same time, the cops in the van receive an alert on the radio that gunshots have been heard somewhere in the vicinity and they ask the driver to head towards the location of the gunshots.
The entire movie is then shown as a flashback, building up to the present shooting, and scene of the cops in the van.
The story is about a gang of five that run a gambling club and conduct other underhand deals. The five members are Vikram (Neil Nitin Mukesh), Seshadri (Dharmendra), Shardul (Zakir Hussain), Prakash (Vinay Pathak) and Shiva (Dayanand Shetty). When one of Seshadri's police contacts from Bengaluru, Kalyan (Govind Namdeo) informs him, on the phone about "French furniture" (code word for drugs) worth Rs. 5 crore that he can offer him for Rs. 2.5 crore, Seshadri calls for all 5 members to contribute Rs. 50 lacs each to set the deal in motion. Based on Shardul's promise of being able to sell the furniture for more than Rs. 5 crore, each member anticipates a profit of a further Rs. 50 lacs each, at least.
They agree that Shiva is to take the money to Bengaluru by train, meet Kalyan, make the exchange and return on the same train. Vikram, who is dating Shardul's wife Mini (Rimi Sen) and desperately wants to emigrate to Canada with her, plans to steal the money from Shiva in the train by using chloroform to make him unconscious. In the pretext of going to Goa for business work, he goes about his plot, driving to Pune (where he uses the name Johnny G to check into hotel) then takes a flight to Goa. In Goa, he meets advocate Gomes (Raj Tilak) who is Seshadri's friend, to get his work done and to serve as an alibi later, if required. He makes sure the work is half done, flies back to Mumbai and checks-in to a hotel before boarding the train that Shiva takes, the train to Bengaluru enroute Pune. But plans go wrong and Vikram ends up killing Shiva who unmasks him before going unconscious. Now Sheshadri, Kalyan, Prakash and Shardul one-by-one, find out Vikram's truth and are killed by him in cold blood. Finally, Vikram is killed by Prakash's wife, Varsha (Ashwini Kalsekar) who mistakes him for Shardul, who she believed was Prakash's killer.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Abhay Sachdeva and Ritika Khanna are young, modern Indian professionals. They briefly meet at a wedding, and individually make their dislike for arranged marriages known, since they do not understand the concept of marrying a stranger. Unbeknownst to them, their parents meet at the same wedding and compare their horoscopes, which begins the process of arranging a match. Even though they each have strong objections, the couple eventually give in to their parents wishes and get married. The newly weds then embark on a honeymoon trip to Ooty. The trip is part of a romantic getaway package, where they will be sharing a lodge with other couples.
The first people they meet are Mr and Mrs Chaturvedi, an elderly couple celebrating their anniversary. They constantly bicker and argue, but despite this, they love each other deeply. Abhay and Ritika then meet Shoaib and Anaiya, another newly wed couple. Anaiya is Shoaib's sister's best friend and has always had feelings for him, but Shoaib is unable to think of Anaiya as anything other than a childhood friend. Taking a stroll in the neighboring forest, the pair meet Rishab and Anu, a couple who are head over heels in love with each other and have come to Ooty on their yearly holiday. They have the perfect romance and the other couples envy them and their amazing relationship. Later, while at dinner, Ritika tries to prolong the meal so that she can avoid spending time alone with Abhay. That night, Ritika cannot bring herself to consummate the marriage, and after Abhay falls asleep, she decides to sleep on the couch. The next day, the group prepares to go on an outing organised by the lodge management. There, they meet A.K. and Sarah, who have arrived late due to delayed trains. A.K is an explorer who has been out of the country for a long time, and Sarah is his long term, half-Indian girlfriend. A.K has proposed many times but Sarah does not see the need for marriage.
The couples spend the day exploring the lake and surrounding town. Later, at a celebratory dinner organised for Mr and Mrs Chaturvedi's fortieth anniversary, the group gets to know each other better by telling the story of how they each met their respective partners. That night, Abhay separates the beds in their room, so that Ritika does not feel uncomfortable any longer. He explains to her that they need to work on their relationship for it to grow; she is still reluctant but her attitude begins to soften. The next day, the pair spend time alone, visiting tourist attractions and getting to know each other. The romantic and happy mood is broken that night when Abhay tries to be intimate with Ritika and she lashes out at him, causing an argument. Their relationship is strained but Ritika puts on a show for the other couples, who all believe that they are adjusting to their arranged marriage well. A few days later, a frustrated Abhay expresses his conflicted feelings towards love and marriage, and Mr Chaturvedi gives the men some advice. Meanwhile, the women give Sarah a traditional Indian make over, as a surprise for A.K. He proposes and she accepts, and the other couples plan a celebration for them.
At the party, Shoaib is finally able to see Anaiya as his wife, and they decide to have dinner alone together. Sarah notices the tension between Abhay and Ritika, and advises Ritika to work things out before the issue escalates. The celebrations are cut short when an employee informs Rishab that his wife has called to speak to him, and the group realizes that Anu and Rishab are having an affair. An emotional Anu decides to leave Rishab and the lodge that night. The next day, the group departs from the lodge as the trip comes to an end. The bus meets in an accident and hangs off the edge of a cliff. Abhay makes a plan to get all the passengers off the bus, but a scared Mr and Mrs Chaturvedi refuse to leave. Ritika gets on board again to convince them to move out, and the frightening situation brings her closer to Abhay.
As everyone else waits for alternative transport, Abhay and Ritika decide to start afresh, and walk towards the direction of the lodge, to begin their honeymoon once again.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vibhavari, affectionately called Badki (Rani Mukerji), and Shubhavari, affectionately called Chutki (Konkona Sen Sharma) are the daughters of Shivshankar Sahay (Anupam Kher) and Savitri (Jaya Bachchan). They live together on the banks of the Ganges in Banaras. Life is full of happiness and joy for the two, though the family is relatively poor. Badki especially is protective of her family and is determined to ensure Chutki completes her education.
As things go from bad to worse when her father becomes ill, Badki goes to Mumbai to find work. She is unable to find a job as she has not completed 12th standard. Her so-called boss tells her that if she sleeps with him he will give her the job. The next day he declines what he had promised but pays her the money. After encountering many obstacles and feeling desperate and out of options, she is forced to become the exclusive call girl "Natasha". Misleading her family – telling them she is an event planner – and sending them money for her father's medicines. Badki learns to speak English and learns how to dress up in a modern way. She hides her secret to keep the family home from being foreclosed on. Chutki completes her MBA securing 1st rank and, unannounced, comes to live with Badki in Mumbai. The younger sister becomes a trainee at the Matrix Advertising agency, and falls in love with her boss, creative director Vivaan (Kunal Kapoor). Badki finds love in attorney Rohan (Abhishek Bachchan) but leaves him, afraid that he would be disgusted by her profession. Chutki inadvertently discovers what Badki does for a living and is disgusted by this turn of events.
The two sisters return to Banaras for Chutki's wedding. Badki comes face to face with Rohan, and he is revealed to be Vivaan's brother. Old feelings resurface between the two and eventually Rohan asks Badki to marry him. Badki refuses, feeling that Rohan would never accept her after knowing her profession. Chutki convinces Badki to think about her happiness for once and accept his proposal. During the conversation Shivshankar, Savitri and Chutki finally face the lies and secrets realising what Badki sacrificed for the family. Badki reveals her profession to Rohan, who shocks her by announcing that he knew, from the moment he saw her with her client in Zurich, that she was a call girl. Despite that he still wants to marry her and respects her. Badki readily accepts, finally gaining the happiness she has sought and gets married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with Manish Gupta (Aftab Shivdasani) in a press conference of his best-selling book Life Mein Kabhie Kabhiee.
It then goes into a flashback where five friends (including him) — Rajeev Arora (Dino Morea), Jai Gokhale (Sameer Dattani), Ishita Sharma (Anjori Alagh) and Monica Seth (Nauheed Cyrusi) — are fresh out of college. They are caught drunk and are in a lock-up. In the meantime they make a bet to determine who will find the most fulfillment in life. The winner will be the person who has found the most happiness in life within five years.
Rajeev, the younger brother of a business tycoon Sanjeev Arora (Mohnish Behl), is an aspiring CEO and is eager to make his first million. He starts on his own after ideological disputes with Sanjeev. He joins the airline business and keeps on doing well until a stock market crash almost ruins him. When under serious debt, he gets the opportunity to clear them but has to deceive his brother for that. He initially agrees but then refuses to accept the money. It is then revealed that the money is Sanjeev Arora's.
Jai is the son of a respectable co-operative bank chairman and wants to become a powerful politician; Jai joins politics against his widowed mother's will. He rapidly climbs up the party ranks but to do so he has to do things which are against his will but important to beat his party's opposition. He willingly lets the opposition leader die of heart attack when he could have saved him. As a result, his mental condition is severely hampered and he spends many sleepless nights. He then has to visit a psychiatrist.
Ishita is the contributor of a leading gossip magazine Scandal and wants to make loads of cash. Following this, she traps a business tycoon named Raj Gujral (Raj Zutshi) with her beauty and strategy. She leaks her photos with him on the front page of Scandal. When his wife sees it, she divorces him. Raj looks forward to woo Ishita but she doesn't take his calls. Finally she marries him after learning about their divorce.
Monica longs to hit big on the Bollywood screen. Although she has a boyfriend — Mohit Aggarwal (Anuj Sawhney) — she has an affair with a film star called Rohit Kumar (Rajat Bedi). She lies until Mohit discovers her sleeping with Rohit Kumar. Mohit commits suicide. The next day, she confesses everything in front of the media and takes all the blame for his death. She goes abroad afterwards.
Manish a struggling writer, gets happily married and has a daughter. He writes the best-selling Life Mein Kabhie Kabhiee. The book was the story about the lives of the five best friends: how their lives changed and how they understood the significance of their lives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with a narrative about a nondescript town called Lakhot in Rajasthan, India. The narrator is Satyaveer Singh Randhawa (Abhay Deol), a down-on-his-luck public works engineer. He compares Lakhot – dry, desolate and despondent – to the general downturn in his own life. As he returns to his irritable and nagging wife Nimmi and their young son, we learn that Satyaveer has just been implicated in a small bribery scandal at work. Nimmi (Gul Panag) broods over how she wishes she had married a richer fellow. Satyaveer, an aspiring writer whose only novel Manorama sank without a trace, laments about how he had once wished to be famous but is now resigned to a banal and unremarkable existence.
They have an unusual visitor that night. A well dressed, affluent woman presents herself as Mrs. P. P. Rathore, the wife of the Irrigation Minister (and former Maharaja, presumably prior to Independence) P. P. Rathore (Kulbhushan Kharbanda). She says she is a big fan of Satyaveer's novel. Captivated by the ingenuity of the detective Raghu, the principal character of the novel, she hopes to secure Satyaveer's assistance in applying the same ingenuity to procure photographic evidence of her husband's affair. She pays him an advance and leaves. Satyaveer accepts the job in spite of Nimmi's reproach. He stealthily stakes out Rathore's manor. He spots another woman visiting Rathore. Rathore rebukes the woman and turns her away. Satyaveer snaps a few pictures of this exchange and hands over the roll to Mrs. Rathore. He also confides in his brother-in-law and best friend, the loutish but generally well-meaning local cop Brij Mohan (Vinay Pathak). Brij finds this all very fishy and advises Satyaveer to take Nimmi on a short vacation. Strange events happen to Satyaveer. He finds out that the woman who hired him is not Mrs. Rathore; the real Mrs. Rathore is an invalid. Late one evening, as Satyaveer returns home after drinks with Brij, he spots the same woman running for her life from people who are out to kill her. She earnestly urges him to remember her real name, Manorama (Sarika), and that she is 32 years old. The next day's papers report that Manorama committed suicide in connection with her protests against a canal being built through Lakhot. The canal project is sponsored by Rathore.
He decides to investigate further. He finds out that Manorama was connected with a local children's home and lived with a roommate, Sheetal (Raima Sen). The roommate is confused and scared. She refuses to talk with Satyaveer. Satyaveer is later set upon by thugs; they turn out to be the same men who chased Manorama on the night of her death; and they want to find out what she told him that night. Satyaveer later uncovers that Manorama's death was an accident; she was hit by a truck as she fled her pursuers.
Sheetal calls him. She is still scared but somehow warms to him and asks if she can stay with him for a few days. Seeing as Nimmi has returned to Rohtak (her parents house) for Diwali, Satyaveer agrees. Sheetal moves in for a little while. Around this time, Satyaveer attends a rally function with Rathore in attendance. He follows Rathore and discovers that Rathore receives regular medication from a doctor for an unknown ailment. He also spots the woman who visited him on the night Satyaveer took the photos.
He follows the woman and makes contact with her. She lives with the doctor Anil Potdar. She turns out to be Sameera Rathore, the illegitimate daughter of Rathore. She was trying to get Rathore to accept her as a daughter. Satyaveer begins piecing the parts together. However, when Satyaveer visits the doctor, he finds that the doctor and Sameera have both been brutally murdered. He runs to the children's home where he discovers that Sheetal has been dead for quite some time!
Arriving home, he finds that the woman masquerading as Sheetal is neither surprised nor scared. She directs him to meet Rathore. Rathore demands the photos. Satyaveer turns over the photos he had taken. Not surprisingly, Rathore isn't the least bit interested in photos of him having an argument with his biological daughter. It turns out that Neetu (the girl pretending to be Sheetal) is a concubine for Rathore. Rathore now openly threatens him and asks that he hand over those photos. Satyaveer returns home. He scans one of the photos he had taken and suddenly finds a clue in it. This clue leads him to what Manorama had said to him on the night she died. He uses the clues to land up in the room of a small hotel in town, where he discovers a shocking set of photos in a packet cached behind the light switch-board.
Satyaveer returns to confront Rathore. He presents the shocking evidence he has found. Rathore was a paedophile (a person who is sexually attracted to children). The children's home was his steady supply of (orphaned) children. The real Sheetal and Manorama, who worked at the orphanage, had realized his wicked activities. They were about to blow his cover and hence he had them silenced. Rathore calmly informs Satyaveer that Satyaveer, smart though he may be, is still a small-town man that may easily be dispensed with. Satyaveer reveals another fact. The doctor Anil Potdar and Manorama were siblings. Also, though the doctor knew that Rathore had lung cancer, he kept concealing the fact from him and kept giving him placebos merely to suppress the symptoms of the cancer. The doctor and Manorama merely wanted to keep him alive long enough for him to accept Sameera as his daughter and heir. Then, on Rathore's eventual death, the estate would come to Sameera and thus also to the doctor and Manorama. It was now too late since the cancer had reached an advanced stage and Rathore had precious little time left to live.
The film ends as Satyaveer quietly walks out. He remarks that the only thing that is certain in an unknown world is a known God.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Marigold Lexton (Ali Larter), a self-centered and temperamental young American actress, arrives in India expecting to be treated like a star, despite the fact that she has been making nothing but B movie sequels for some time. She is stranded in Goa after the film she was to star in is canceled, and a sympathetic crew member offers her a ride, which brings her to the set of another movie, a Bollywood musical. She actually tells her boyfriend Barry that she was hoping she wouldn't have to marry him if this trip was successful, and soon finds herself the center of attraction on the set, where she quickly lands a minor role and a date with the spoiled young lead actor. But after she rebuffs his crude proposal that night she winds up talking with Prem (Salman Khan), the film's choreographer. He knows she lied about being able to dance, and takes her in hand, while showing her the nearby towns and countryside in their spare time.
As they grow closer Prem talks to her about the importance of family, and she not only learns that he is estranged from his father, but that he is also a prince. He had not seen his family in three years, but the day before he received a call from his sister, asking him to come home for her wedding. He asks Marigold to go home with him to Jodhpur, Rajasthan, for the wedding, since shooting on the movie had been shut down for a week. She is entranced by the generosity and opulence of his family leading up to the wedding, but afterwards is shocked to discover that he has been betrothed to another since childhood. He has fallen totally in love with Marigold, but has neglected to mention the long arranged marriage, and his father has not encouraged him to follow his heart. She feels betrayed and storms out, followed by Prem's fiance, who offers to buy her a drink. She confesses to Marigold that although she loves Prem she doesn't believe he has ever really loved her.
Meanwhile, Prem, a teetotaler, heads to a bar to drown his sorrows, where he finds a drunken American who commiserates with his romantic problems. He explains he has come looking for his estranged girlfriend, called Marigold, and Prem invites him to stay the night at his parents' house. Barry accepts and then passes out. In the morning, Marigold decides to return with Barry to the United States, since Prem, the only son of Jaipur's Ruler, feels duty bound to marry the woman his father has chosen. The ceremony takes place that day, and as he follows his bride, whose face is totally hidden behind a long veil, seven times around the Holy fire, Prem believes he is marrying the woman he has been engaged to since childhood. With the marriage complete, Prem lifts his wife's veil, and he and most of the guests are astonished to find Marigold standing before him—and it appears that Barry has married Prem's former fiance as well. The movie's director and their friends from the crew appear in the crowd, cheering, then Prem sings and dances with Marigold and a full chorus, just like a happy ending in a Bollywood musical.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Four pairs who meet accidentally in a Mumbai bar called Mumbai Salsa and get hooked on each other for life. The film captures the urban qualities of life and love.
Maya Chandhok lives a wealthy lifestyle in Delhi along with her parents. Refusing to buckle down to her mother's demands to get married, she re-locates to Kolkata, obtains her MBA, and then goes to reside in Mumbai where she gets a job in a bank, and shares a flat with two room-mates, Zenobia and Neha. She meets with Sanjay and both fall in love. Then one day he dramatically and publicly dumps her. A few days later she meets with Rajeev Sharma, who is heartbroken after his fiancée, Pooja, dumped him to re-locate to America, and both are attracted to each other. She is delighted when he proposes to her, but her delight turns sour when he asks her to re-locate with him to Singapore, drop her career, and be a home-maker for the rest of her life. Maya must now make up her mind amidst chaos and heartbreak that also threaten to tear apart lives of both Neha and Zenobia, who are also dating Rajeev's friends, Karan Kapoor and Shaji, while conservative Tyagraj, Rajeev's pal, struggles with his feelings about a much liberated Caucasian co-worker, Pamela.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Alex (Jason Lewis), living in Venice Beach, is a struggling writer. One day, he meets Reena (Kashmira Shah) at the beach. They spend time together and Alex starts to fall in love with her. However, some days later, Reena disappears at LAX. The only thing Alex knows about her is that she's from Thakur Village, Mumbai, India - so he follows her there. In India, he discovers, with the help of his new driver Priyad (Ash Chandler) that Reena is the greatest film star of Bollywood and engaged to Shekar, an influential Bollywood producer. Alex stays with Bobby K. (Sanjay Suri), a friend of Reena and a big Bollywood actor himself - while Alex is struggling with his own romance, Bobby starts to fall for his choreographer, Alisha (Neha Dubey), an old friend from his past he very much disappointed by simply forgetting about her when he became famous. Reena, hesitant to break off an engagement arranged by her parents, feels that she owes Shekhar her entire career, while Alex is struggling with Reena's mother and Shekhar himself, who both feel that Reena and Alex might be too interested in each other. Bobby K. meanwhile, after a broken down car, gets stuck with Alisha in some abandoned hut at the beach, they have an opportunity to talk and make up, however shortly afterwards, a misunderstanding occurs and Alisha feels betrayed all over again. Reena, meanwhile, tells Alex to leave, as she is going to accept her family's wishes and will marry Shekhar in order to preserve the tradition of an arranged marriage. Alex is all ready to leave India and Bobby finds out that Shekhar is having an affair with a co-worker (The entire affair is caught on CD). Reena's parents tell her not give up her happiness and tell her to go after Alex, Bobby clarifies the misunderstanding between him and Alisha and makes her pursue her dreams and Reena stops Alex to leave the country after a rickshaw chase. Everything ends well and Reena and Alex, after professing their love for each other, get married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra (Rishi Kapoor) re-located to London, England, established himself, returned to India, got married to Bebo (Nina Wadia), and after four years got a visa for her so that she could live with him. Shortly thereafter, she gave birth to Jasmeet (Katrina Kaif). Manmohan was always embarrassed by Bebo as she was fat and could not speak English. As a result, he always left her out of important occasions, while he socialised. Bebo did not want Jasmeet to end up like her, so she got her educated in an English school, encouraged to mingle with British friends, and Jasmeet was transformed into Jazz – a beautiful young woman, modern in looks, talk, habits, and heart.
Her father had set her to meet a young lad, Bobby Bedi (Ritesh Deshmukh), though the date turns out to be a disaster and Bobby rejects her. Manmohan thinks that it is impossible to get him an Indian son-in-law, although his friend, Parvez Khan (Javed Sheikh), is in a similar situation with his son, Imran (Upen Patel), who has a blonde girlfriend, Susan (Tiffany Mulheron). Manmohan takes his family for a tour in India and forces Jasmeet to marry Arjun Singh (Akshay Kumar) who does not know how to speak English.
On their return to London, Jasmeet announces that she is getting married to Charlie Brown (Clive Standen), who is well educated and has good friends and connections, even with Prince Charles. She refuses to recognise her marriage with Arjun as there is no proof of the wedding. When Jasmeet is introduced to the friends of the Brown family, she is subjected to considerable racist abuse (snake charmers, Indian rope tricks, tandoori chicken) as well as a quote from Winston Churchill: 'When we leave India, the country will be in the hands of goons'.Arjun then tells the gentleman about the achievements of India which includes about the derivation of English words from Sanskrit like 'Father' , 'Brother' , 'Trignometry' and 'Geometry'. During this period, Jazz becomes close with Arjun who still supports her. Charlie Brown then has a rugby match against the Indians and Arjun, the English lose and Brown is verbally racist to the Indians. Imran is then asked by Susan's parents to leave Islam, become a Christian, change his name to Emmanuel or Ian, as well as provide written proof that his family is not associated with terrorists. The film ends on a happy note when Imran decides not to be a Christian and Susan is accepted by Imran's family; Jazz realises her love for Arjun, runs away from her wedding to Charlie Brown, and goes with Arjun back to India where they are seen riding Arjun's motorcycle. While they are on the motorcycle Arjun reveals that all along he knew how to speak English.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The Namesake depicts the struggles of Ashoke and Ashima Ganguli (Irrfan Khan and Tabu), first-generation immigrants from the East Indian state of West Bengal to the United States, and their American-born children Gogol (Kal Penn) and Sonia (Sahira Nair). The film takes place primarily in Kolkata, New York City and New York state suburbs.
The story begins as Ashoke and Ashima leave Calcutta and settle in New York City. Through a series of miscues, their son's nickname, Gogol (named after Ukrainian author Nikolai Gogol), becomes his official birth name, an event which will shape many aspects of his life. The story chronicles Gogol's cross-cultural experiences and his exploration of his Indian heritage, as the story shifts between the United States and India.
Gogol becomes as a lazy, pot smoking teenager indifferent to his cultural background. He resents many of the customs and traditions his family upholds and doesn't understand his parents. After a summer trip to India before starting college at Yale, Gogol starts opening up to his culture and becomes more accepting of it.
After college, Gogol uses his "good name" Nikhil (later shortened to Nick). He works as an architect and dates Maxine (Jacinda Barrett), a white woman from a wealthy background, who is clueless about their cultural differences. Gogol falls in love with Maxine and introduces her to his parents, who struggle to understand his modern, American perspectives on dating, marriage and love. They are hesitant and guarded when meeting her. Gogol gets along with Maxine's family and feels closer to them than he does his own family.
Before he goes to Ohio for a teaching apprenticeship, Ashoke tells Gogol the story of how he came up with his name. Shortly after, while Gogol is vacationing with Maxine's family, Ashoke dies. Grieving, Gogol tries to be more like what he thinks his parents want him to be and begins following cultural customs more closely. He grows distant from Maxine and eventually breaks up with her.
Gogol rekindles a friendship with Moushumi (Zuleikha Robinson), the daughter of family friends. They begin dating and soon after get married. However, the marriage is short lived as Moushumi, bored with being a wife, begins having an affair with an old boyfriend from Paris. Gogol divorces her, while Ashima blames herself for pressuring Gogol to marry a fellow Bengali. Gogol returns home to help Ashima pack the house when he finds the book Ashoke gave him as a graduation present. Searching for comfort, and accepting his new life alone, Gogol finally reads the stories written by his namesake on the train home.
As well as depicting Gogol/Nikhil's experiences, the film describes the courtship and marriage of Ashima and Ashoke, and the effect on the family from Ashoke's early death from a massive heart attack. Through experiencing his father's funeral rites on the banks of the Ganges, Gogol begins to appreciate Indian culture. Ashima's decision to move on with her life, selling the suburban family home and returning to Calcutta, unifies and ends the story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
'K' (John Abraham) is a wealthy businessman in his 30s, and a heavy chain-smoker. He is confident, narcissistic and very arrogant in nature. After smoking cigarettes spiked with a potent form of ganja (marijuana), he ends up in hospital. His family and friends beg him to quit smoking, to no avail. K's friend Abbas (Ranvir Shorey) and his doctor (Kiku Sharda ), offer to set up an appointment at a rehabilitation centre called 'Prayogshaala' ('The Laboratory'), which they claim will surely rid K of his habit. K finally relents after his wife Anjali (Ayesha Takia) leaves him, unable to take the strain K's smoking addiction places on their relationship.
K decides to check out Prayogshaala, and meets Shri Shri Prakash Guru Ghantal Baba Bengali Sealdahwale (Paresh Rawal). The centre operates behind the front of another business, 'Kalkatta Karpets'. K finds the building to be unconventional and confusing, similar to a Labyrinth. The method Prayogshaala uses to cure their patients of their addiction is based on fear and psychological manipulation. Each time a patient gives in to their vice, Baba makes sure that something shocking happens to them.
The first offense is almost killing a loved one, by keeping him/her in a chamber full of cigarette smoke the person has smoked in his entire life, for a duration of 5 minutes. The second offense is losing a finger. The third offense is the death of a loved one. The last offense is taking the soul of the person from his body, although this offense is described very loosely.
K initially refuses to sign the contract and pay the fee of ₹ 21,11,111 for his treatment but is forced to do so by Baba and his disciples. Baba then tells K that he is free to leave, but he must abide by the rules or he will suffer the consequences. K witnesses other members of the group as they try to quit smoking. Many end up losing fingers as they cannot resisit the urge to smoke. K tries to keep to the terms but fails twice and is punished. He is now very conscious about the third time.
After some time, K meets an old friend, who is now a Cuban cigar seller. At an event, K is forced to place a cigar in his mouth, in order to appease his friend. Seconds later, he receives a phone call from the police, who inform him that his wife is missing and possibly dead. He calls Baba and is told that for smoking, his wife will be killed, as per the rules. He protests that he did not actually smoke and Baba apologizes for the mistake, but says it is too late. K asks Baba to tell the police about this, but the line goes dead and the phone number is non-existent on dialling. K's protests are ignored and the police believe that he is delusional. Trying to prove his story, he seeks out a friend who had lost a finger at the rehabilitation centre, only to find that the man has all fingers intact. Mocking him, the police force K to smoke. Shortly afterwards, K gets a phone call that his brother committed suicide due to his smoking habit. K raves angrily at the police and is thrown in Jail.
K is eventually bailed out. Soon, he learns that Baba permits sins and vices to be done during a period known as 'Zero Minute'. He attends an event, where he sees Baba, but is unable to reach him. K decides to light a cigarette. Suddenly, K wakes up in a Russian army base, with a call from his wife. She asks him why he believes she is dead. K is confused, but escapes from the base by jumping into water and ends up in a ragged room, from which he sees himself staring out from a hospital room. He also sees his wife and Baba. He calls out but no one can hear him, and he is told that it is because his body no longer hears his inner soul. The final punishment is complete.
In a series of haphazard events, the twisted path of K's soul is shown, until it finally recahes his body once again. K wakes up in his home to find his wife sleeping near him. He also discovers that he is missing two fingers. Later, K is seen recommending the "Prayogshala" centre to a friend.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Om Prakash Makhija (Shah Rukh Khan) is a junior artist in 1970s Hindi cinema, in love with film superstar Shanti Priya (Deepika Padukone). One evening, Om attends the premiere of Shanti's film, and envisions himself as the lead actor, Manoj Kumar. Om and his friend Pappu (Shreyas Talpade) take on numerous small acting roles as extras, and one night, a drunk Om describes his fantasy of one day winning a Filmfare Award for Best Actor. At the shooting of a film, Om rescues Shanti after a fire grows out of control, and they become friends.
Om overhears a conversation between Shanti and film producer Mukesh Mehra (Arjun Rampal). The pair have recently married in secret, and Shanti reveals that she is pregnant. Mukesh seems overjoyed and asks Shanti to meet him later, at the set of their upcoming film 'Om Shanti Om'. Mukesh promises to cancel the film, reveal their marriage to the public, and have a grand wedding on the set. However, revealing his true colors, he tells Shanti that the relationship and child will cause ruin his career. Mukesh traps Shanti on the set and sets it on fire. Om attempts to rescue Shanti, but is attacked by Mukesh's guards. After the guards leave, he again attempts to rescue Shanti, but he is thrown from the building by an explosion. A disorientated Om is hit by a car owned by Rajesh Kapoor (Javed Sheikh), an actor taking his pregnant wife, Lovely, to the hospital. At the hospital, Om remembers his moments with Shanti as he dies, while Lovely gives birth to a son, also named Om. The soul of Om Prakash reincarnates into the newborn Om Kapoor.
Years later, Om Kapoor, nicknamed O.K, becomes a famous actor and lives the luxurious life imagined by Om Prakash, but experiences pyrophobia and subconsciously inherits Om Prakash's memories. At an awards ceremony, O.K. unknowingly delivers Om Prakash's drunken speech, which is heard by Pappu on television. At the event, O.K's father introduces him to Mukesh, and this causes him to completely remember the events of Om Prakash's life. O.K later reunites with Om's mother Bela (Kirron Kher) and Pappu, and conspires to avenge Shanti's death by making Mukesh confess his crime. O.K convinces Mukesh to restart shooting for 'Om Shanti Om', and he plans to convince Mukesh that Shanti's spirit is haunting him. To impersonate Shanti, O.K finds Sandhya (Sandy), a doppelgänger of Shanti. Throughout the film's shooting, O.K and his friends arrange incidents to remind Mukesh of the past. During the music launch of the film, O.K taunts Mukesh by revealing the extent to which he knows the story of Shanti's death. But when Mukesh runs after Sandy thinking she is the ghost of Shanti, Sandy accidentally cuts her arm and bleeds. Seeing this, Mukesh realises that she is not Shanti's ghost. Mukesh tries to confront O.K, but he is suddenly hit by the set's swinging chandelier.
After Mukesh awakens, O.K confronts him but Mukesh reveals that he knows Sandy is not a ghost after all. During the quarrel, Sandy reappears and taunts Mukesh. She reveals that after the fire ceased to burn, Mukesh found that Shanti had survived, but he buried her alive below the chandelier. O.K is confused about how Sandy knows this. Mukesh attempts to shoot Sandy, shocked by the extent to which she knows about the murder, but Mukesh and O.K fight, which results in yet another fire. Just when O.K is about to kill Mukesh, Sandy stops him, saying that Mukesh will not die by his hand. The chandelier falls on Mukesh, killing him instantly. Pappu and Sandy rush to join O.K, and he is shocked when he sees the real Sandy. O.K realises that the person he assumed to be Sandy was actually Shanti's ghost. She smiles warmly towards O.K and tearfully bids him goodbye, disappearing as she moves into the light.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Prem (Salman Khan) is a Love Guru who solves the love issues of his clients. He meets Bhaskar Diwakar Chaudhary (Govinda) who comes to Prem for help in his love life. Bhaskar loves his boss Priya Jaisingh (Katrina Kaif) but is unable to express his love to her as she is the daughter of a wealthy businessman. Prem initially refuses to help Bhaskar and goes to Phuket, Thailand. Bhaskar follows him there and convinces him to help.
After returning from Thailand, Prem meets Naina (Lara Dutta), a photo journalist who was running from some gangsters led by Chhota Don (Rajpal Yadav), who mimicks Shahrukh Khan in Don. Prem saves her and falls in love with her. Meanwhile, he starts teaching Bhaskar how to impress Priya. But Bhaskar uses his own simplicity and nonsense acts to impress Priya. Priya finally falls in love with Bhaskar but does not disclose it to him.
But in the mean time Prem also comes to know that Naina is married and has a kid named Rohan (Ali Haji) and to impress Naina he takes care of him.
Prem comes to know from Bhaskar that Priya is getting married to someone according to her father's will. They both come to Priya's wedding ceremony with Rohan, but find Naina there and convinces her to marry Prem and Priya's father is convinced by Bhaskar's acts. Priya now gets ready to marry Bhaskar.
Meanwhile, a spoiled brat named Neil (Rajat Bedi) comes to Prem for love help and he asks Prem to convince a girl to have a one-night stand. Prem gets angry with Neil and tells him that he does not help people with such bad intentions. Neil somehow manages to get his one-night stand and then ditches her, telling her the love guru gave him advice to do so. Unfortunately, the girl turns out to be Naina's friend Nikki. Naina then sets out to expose the Love Guru and finds out that it is Prem. Naina hates Prem for what she thought he did to her friend and publishes a front page article claiming that Prem can set anyone up with the girl they want using the Priya/Bhaskar relationship as an example.
Prem thinks that Bhaskar may commit suicide without Priya and goes to her to tell her what really happened. Priya realizes that all the things she liked about Bhaskar are what Prem wanted Bhaskar to hide from her and Priya is ready to take Bhaskar back. Prem makes up with Naina by making her hear the truth about him not helping Neil, and they get back together. On both couples' honeymoon night, Bhaskar again asks Prem for help but this time they both get mingled with their respective wives.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about Sophie (Tanushree Dutta) and how she tricks two men to fall in love with her through her charms. Sophie is in love with Sunny (Jimmy Shergill) and, to improve their lifestyle, she starts conning men into falling in love with her. Then she murders them and steals all their money. However, Sunny does not know that Sophie is planning to take all the money and frame him for the murders.
The first victim, Remo (Rahul Khanna), is a multi-millionaire simpleton who truly loves Sophie. However, she has him brutally murdered by Sunny, who she is also planning to murder soon. When Remo's childhood friend, Siddharth (Sharman Joshi), finds out that Sophie had him murdered, he plans for revenge. The climax has an unexpected twist of revenge.
Siddharth planned the whole scheme with Sophie for murdering Remo and framing Sunny for it and taking Remo's money and fortune. He is shown as the villain as he was the step-brother of Remo, whose father disowned him due to which his mother lost her mental balance and was undergoing treatment in an asylum. A number of fight scenes follow between Sunny and Remo and Sunny and Siddharth. The unexpected twist is that Remo isn't dead and is well aware of all that was happening and faked his death to find the culprit. A final lengthy fight takes place in the end in which Remo defeats Siddharth who accidentally kills himself as well as Sophie. Sunny is released and he befriends Remo while Remo pays donation to the asylum where Siddharth's mother is being treated.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sarika (Deepshika) is a single mother who lives in Mumbai with her physically challenged daughter Anjali and works as an editor for a magazine. One day she gets a phone call from a female reader who is upset because her submission was not printed. The caller seems threatening so Sarika notifies her friend, D.C.P. Chaudhary, but he is unable to provide any assistance. Then late one night Sarika gets a visit from Chaudhary and Crime Branch Inspector Sunil Ranade, who inform her that a businessman had been brutally knifed to death with a blood-smeared swastika mark on his forehead. They inform her that they re-dialed the last number from the victim's phone number and found that it was her work number. They also informed her that they suspect that the killer is a woman who has killed another male in Delhi in a similar fashion and her modus operandi appears to be to kill married males who are unfaithful to their respective spouses. They provide her with a recording machine in case the killer calls again. The female does call again and attempts to befriend Sarika, but gets upset and evasive when questioned about her identity and whereabouts. Shortly thereafter the police find another dead male victim, but the killer never leaves any clues.
-----------------------------------------------------------
For years, Khalid Bin Jamal(Vinod Khanna) has ruled the Mumbai crime underworld by staying in Bangkok, Thailand. Despite his distance from Mumbai, Khalid is able to control his Mumbai empire through keeping his the ruling members of his network very close to him. He is also ruthless and shows no hesitation towards his enemies.
The Indian police has been trying for years to extradite Khalid to India but in vain. Inspector Suryakant (Randeep Hooda) has been in the police force some years and has been keeping track of Khalid's activities. He makes up his mind to put an end to Khalid's criminal empire and bring Khalid to justice. To do so, he starts carrying out encounters against Jamal's henchmen. Over the course of a few weeks, Khalid's network suffers as his men are simply killed in encounters and raids by Suryakant, who is supported by D.C.P. Uttam Bhandari (Shivkumar Subramaniam).
Khalid becomes increasingly alarmed but comes up with a counter-plan. He arranges for one of his leading associates, the politician Devki Wardhan (Seema Biswas), to be attacked while Suryakant is arresting her. Her opponent, the Home Minister A.R. Sarang (Anant Jog), has been known to be in favour with Suryakant and is blackmailed by Khalid into opening fire on Devki Wardhan. This implicates Suryakant as being an accomplice to Devki Wardhan's attempted murder where two of Devki's men are shot dead by Suryakant. Soon, a string of allegations that include taking bribes from different crime lords is formed against Suryakant. His plan to capture Khalid with bold moves thus backfires because of Khalid's premeditated scheme. The Police Commissioner is close to Devki Wardhan and is against Suryakant and tries all the time to suppress him. Suryakant's love interest Shraddha (Tanushree Dutta) also does not support him and distances away from him due to his involvement with the underworld.
In jail, Suryakant receives messages from Khalid. His image tarnished, Suryakant is offered his police officer position by Khalid as long as he does his bidding. He is also handsomely rewarded. Suryakant starts working energetically for Khalid and wipes out Khalid's sworn enemy, S.P. Naidu's (Zakir Hussain) men who eventually Khalid's enemies as also Khalid's men on the pretext that they were killed by Khalid's goons. Arbaaz (Yashpal Sharma), Khalid's hot-headed brother, smells a rat and suspects the designs of Suryakant. He travels to India with Hari (Makarand Deshpande) without informing Khaled to personally deal with Naidu . Naidu is killed by Arbaaz but suddenly Suryakant reveals his true colours by killing Arbaaz and home minister Sarang and making it appear as if Arbaaz had murdered Sarang.
The supposed death of a Home Minister at the hands of Khalid's brother is enough to have Khalid extradited to Mumbai for trial. However, despite all of Suryakant's painstaking uncovering of Khalid's illicit activities, the Indian police cannot make a firm case against him. Moreover. Khalid heavily bribes the police prosecutor in his favour. Khalid is sure his case will be dismissed by the Court and he will leave India in a day but before doing so, wants retribution for Arbaaz's death and orders his men to dispose of Suryakant's comrades in the police force. Shraddha realizes her folly of not being supportive to Suryakant and asks for his apology. Suryakant is informed that Shraddha's life is in danger and that she will get killed by Khaled's men. Suryakant sends Shraddha safely away out of the country.
Khaled sends message for Suryakant to meet him in jail. Before Suryakant has a chance to find out about the murders of DCP Bhandari, Inspector Shridhar (Ganesh Yadav) and his other close colleagues, Khalid himself tells him about them during their meeting in jail. He also tells Suryakant he will go free despite all he has done. Suryakant is shocked by this truth and decides the only choice he has is to eliminate Khalid Bin Jamal. In a climactic ending, Suryakant storms the heavily guarded jail where Khalid is being held and manages to kill him. Probably mortally wounded, the last thing Suryakant sees is Khalid's lifeless body. He smiles and the movie ends.
-----------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is narrated by Gulabji (Rani Mukherjee), a prostitute who frequents RK Bar, the town's most luxurious club. The bar's lead singer, Raj (Ranbir Kapoor), whom she affectionately calls "Saawariya" ("blue lover"), is a free-spirited and kindhearted man. Despite knowing what Gulabji does, Raj is friendly to her, and unlike other men, is kind to the other prostitutes, trying to brighten their sad lives. When he tells Gulabji that he needs a job and somewhere to stay, she tells him that there is only one woman who'll give him a place to stay: Lilian (Zohra Sehgal) – but she allows only those she likes..
Raj meets Lilian and they have an emotional conversation, during which Lillian reveals she had a son who left her many years ago and never returned. She lets Raj stay with her because he reminds her of her long-lost son. That night, Raj meets a mysterious girl. He tries to talk to her, but under the wrong impression, she shouts at him to go away. Raj tells her that he will, on the condition that he'd escort her to safety, lest someone with bad intentions trouble her. As predicted by Raj, a drunkard begins following her and Raj saves her from him. After that, she allows him to escort her home. Raj discovers her name is Sakina (Sonam Kapoor) and falls in love with her.
Raj decides to confess his feelings to Sakina. He resigns from his job to see her and calls her but she ignores him. He gets angry with her but the pair reconcile. He takes her to his favorite place, on the top of the clock tower. There, Sakina reveals that she is in love with a man named Imaan (Salman Khan). Imaan had left but promised to return for Sakina on Eid. It has been a while but she is still waiting for him faithfully. Hearing this, Raj becomes heartbroken and doesn't confess. However, he refuses to believe that there is an Imaan. He asks Gulabji for advice, who advises him to tell Sakina how he feels. With the entire neighborhood cheering him on, Raj decides to propose to Sakina on the night of Eid.
He takes Sakina to RK Bar and sings his favorite song for her. Sakina remembers that it’s time to meet Imaan and leaves. Following her, Raj tells her that he has discovered that there is no Imaan. Sakina tells him to let her go. Hurt, Raj goes to Gulabji, saying he wants to sleep with her. Gulabji, who loves Raj, is deeply hurt and gets Raj thrown out onto the street, where he is beaten up by a few of Gulabji's henchmen. He returns to where Sakina is waiting. Imaan has still not arrived. Sakina, heartbroken, becomes sure that Imaan will not come back so she decides to be with Raj. Raj tries to make Sakina happy and succeeds. When they are returning home, they pass the bridge where they first met and see Imaan waiting for Sakina. Sakina hesitates as she steps toward Raj. Raj, however, tells her to go and Sakina reunites with Imaan.
The movie ends as a tribute to Raj Kapoor, where Raj walks and sings in a style similar to Kapoor from the film Shree 420, remembering the sweet moments he spent with Sakina.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film opens with shots of brooms and dustpans cleaning dried blood and cartridge casings in and around Swati building at the Lokhandwala Complex. TVN reporter Meeta Matu (Diya Mirza) reports that some 3000 rounds of ammunition were discharged by a large police squad at a previously peaceful residential area.
The film moves to the offices of former chief justice turned private prosecutor Dhingra (Amitabh Bachchan) where he interviews the three leading members of the Mumbai Encounter Squad: Additional Commissioner of Police Shamsher S. Khan (Addl.CP S.S. Khan) (referring to A. A. Khan, played by Sanjay Dutt), Inspector Kaviraj Patil (Sunil Shetty) and Police constable Javed Sheikh (Arbaaz Khan). The main film timeline is the extended interview of the three officers by Dhingra; as the officers answer Dhingra's questions, the film flashes back to show the incidents.
Dhingra asks about the Encounter Squad. Khan explains that he hand-picked 27 of Mumbai police's best enlisted men and officers. He borrowed the concept from the LAPD SWAT (Special Weapons And Tactics) team to help combat crime. The film flashes back to show Khan selecting his men and putting them through intensive physical and mental training to be "fast, efficient and deadly." Dhingra is hardly impressed: He points out that if Khan "shoots to kill" he is no different from the gangsters he seeks to destroy.
Dhingra asks why Khan felt he had do this. Khan explains that following Operation Blue Star in 1984, several Sikh terrorists fled to Mumbai and began establishing a base in the city. They engaged in violence, extortion and other subversive tactics to grow their operations. The film flashes back to show Sub Inspector Mhatre, a very brave officer and disciple of Khan, pursuing and subsequently getting shot down by a group of Sikh terrorists. Khan is deeply frustrated when the Mumbai police, mired in internal bureaucracy and corruption, fail to act. He obtains clearance from the police commissioner Krishnamurthy (played by the real A. A. Khan) and sets out after the militants. Khan asks Meeta Matu (Diya Mirza) to cover the incident so as to deter future terrorists. True to Khan's words, he successfully "encounters" (it indicates summarily gunning down criminals; extrajudicial killings is the term accepted internationally) the terrorists who shot PSI Mhatre. As per Aftab Ahmed Khan the encounter with Khalistani Extremist was more dangerous and tough than Shootout at Lokhandwala.
The film segues into the life of Maya (referring to Mumbai gangster Mahindra Dolas though the film never mentions Dolas specifically; played by Vivek Oberoi). Maya is the second-in-command of the "big boss" in Dubai (a clear reference to Dawood Ibrahim though the film does not mention his name) and runs Dawood's criminal activities in Mumbai. Maya recruits Bhua (referring to Dilip Buwa, played by Tusshar Kapoor) after successfully hatching a plot to eliminate Bhua's old gang led by Ashok Joshi. At this point, Maya and Bhua are at the top of Mumbai's underworld, reporting directly to the big boss in Dubai.
Things heat up when Khan recognises, through his network of spies and informers, that Maya is responsible for several criminal and possibly terrorist activities. Around this time, Maya's ambitions, fuelled by his Aai's (Amrita Singh) insistence, grow to the point where he wishes to assert his independence from Dubai and take over Mumbai himself.
Khan's ATS now focuses on eliminating Maya and Bhua, and begins a dangerous cat-and-mouse game where neither side shows any overt aggression but tries to disable the adversary by tactical manoeuvre. Khan launches "visits" to the criminals' families to try to "persuade" them to counsel the criminals to surrender. In turn, Maya and his men return the "visit" by approaching the cops at social situations. Maya visits Khan at a restaurant where Khan is having dinner with his family. Maya quietly tells Khan: "This is between your men and mine. Leave the families out of it." Khan retorts: "I did this to give you an opportunity to come clean. But now it appears that any resolution hangs off the barrel of a gun."
Maya's rage intensifies when he gets thrown out by prominent city builder Wadhwani (based on real life builder and politician Gopal Rajwani, owner of the building that the movie was set in). Maya had demanded 4 million protection money; Wadhwani claimed to deal directly with Dubai. Maya kidnaps Wadhwani's snivelling, overweight kid. When Wadhwani complains, the big boss asks Maya to cut it out and return the child immediately. Maya quietly informs the boss that he has upped his demands and that he wants to reign supreme in Mumbai.
The film also explores the personal lives of the protagonists. Khan's wife Rohini (Neha Dhupia) is unable to bear his constant neglect of his family life. She files for divorce. Patil's divorce is nearly upon him, too. In the enemy camp, Buwa has shacked up with a bar dancer Tanu (Aarti Chhabria) and is unable to spend any quality time with her. Fellow criminals Phatu (estranged from his parents) and RC (Shabbir Ahluwalia) (plagued by ghost-like visions of an innocent family he gunned down) have similar troubles.
It all comes to a head in November 1991. The five criminals including Maya and Buwa secure themselves, while holding Wadhwani's kid, in a flat at Swati building in Lokhandwala. Khan is tipped off of the location by an informant. (In Dhingra's questioning, Khan allegedly also received a call from the big boss in Dubai. Khan vehemently denies this.) Khan assembles a large squad of cops and lays siege to the location. He announces over the bullhorn that residents are advised to stay indoors and bolt their windows.
A long and devastating gun battle begins. The criminals launch rocket propelled grenades from their flat and try to escape. But they are overwhelmed by police fire, and all five criminals are eventually slain. The battle lays waste to the building: Film shots show the staircases, hallways and several civilian flats completely pulverised by gunfire. Reporter Meeta Matu covers the action live.
Up to this point, Dhingra has been negative and denigrating of Khan and his efforts with the ATS. He cites press reports and civilian complaints that condemn Khan (and the ATS) of unilateral and unwarranted excessive force in a residential locality. Charges are brought against Khan and the ATS. But when Dhingra rises to defend them as their appointed counsel, he, in a surprising twist, presents an unconventional argument as defence.
The film ends with Khan and the ATS being acquitted.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The plot of "Swami" revolves around a common man's story. The title is based on the name of the main protagonist in the movie, Swami (Manoj Bajpayee). The story throws light on day-to-day life of a common man's dreams. Swami is a poor labourer who works as a mechanic in an automobile shop and hardly earns a living. Swami, after his marriage with Radha, (Juhi Chawla) moves to Mumbai from his hometown, where Radha gives birth to a baby boy. The couple name him Anand. Anand establishes intelligence and wisdom at an early age and the couple is delighted at the intelligence of their young son. As time passes, the couple realises the importance of studies and come to know that a person can earn a good living in America, but proper education is required to go to America. Radha wants her son, Anand, to fulfill this dream for her. The couple tries to get Anand admitted to one of the best schools in town, where Anand is initially denied admission, as Swami and Radha are not very highly educated. Young Anand then himself speaks with the Principal and reveals the dream of his parents and requests her to give admission to him. The principal, moved by Anand's innocence, gives him admission.
Swami notices a rocking chair in an antique furniture shop and finds it very attractive. However, the chair is too expensive for him, costing 13 000 rupees. Radha notices it and wishes that she could buy that chair for Swami. While sending Anand to school, Radha has stomach pain. Swami takes her to a doctor, where she is diagnosed with a renal ailment which can be successfully treated by a simple operation. The couple inquires about the cost of the operation which is 25 000 rupees. Swami does not lose hope and starts saving money for Radha's operation. He saves the money in a box. One day, Swami reaches home and finds the same antique chair at home. He quickly figures out that Radha had taken the savings and immediately checks the box in which he used to save money and finds it empty. He is upset over Radha's behaviour but is moved by the love she establishes for her. He again starts working for the money so that he can get Radha treated for her ailment.
A few days later, Radha experiences a huge pain in her stomach. Swami, upon reaching home in the evening, finds Radha in a bad state and inquires about her help. Radha asks Swami to sit on the chair she bought for him and discloses her great desire and her dream of Anand to settle in America and while talking to Swami, she passes away. Swami takes the wish as her last wish.
In due course of time, Anand grows up into a handsome young lad and is working in a multinational bank and is also looking forward to settle in U.S. He is in love with Pooja and wishes to marry her and keeps his proposal in front of Swami who agrees for their marriage. In some time, Pooja gives birth to a beautiful baby boy, named Adarsh. Swami is delighted and spends more time with his grandson.
After playing cricket outside, Adarsh comes home, and starts running around in the house. He accidentally trips over Swami's rocking chair, and his forehead starts bleeding. Pooja is very angry and shouts at Swami. Due to this anger, she sells the rocking chair to a second hand shop. Swami returns home to find the chair missing, and is upset but is quiet about it. His son Anand comes home form work to find the chair is missing. Pooja realises what she did was wrong and asks for forgiveness and rushes out to get the chair back form the shop owner, but finds out later that the chair has already been sold. Swami forgives Pooja, but that night he cannot go to sleep.
Anand finally gets the opportunity to go to America, which delights his father and they make preparations to go there. When Anand goes to his boss, he finds out that his father doesn't get a pass to go to America. He decides that since his father cannot go, he will not go. Pooja firmly agrees with him. Swami overhears this, and decides he will live in a care home and gets a place for one but Anand doesn't want to leave him. However, Swami tries to tell him that this was what his mother wanted.
In the end, Swami is shown waving goodbye to his son and daughter-in-law tearfully. He goes inside a room and finds his rocking chair, and at this point he realises that Radha knew it belonged to him when she was on her deathbed. The film ends with Swami crying and hugging the chair
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rajveer Singh (Saif Ali Khan) has an immense passion for car racing and dreams of making it big on the racecourse. After being discovered by his manager Harry (Jaaved Jaffrey), he meets Radhika 'Shona' Shekar Rai Banerjee (Rani Mukerji) and instantly falls for her. He joins Speeding Saddles, a failing race team, and transforms from Rajveer Singh to RV the race car driver. He wins his first race and keeps winning, making him quite wealthy.
What started as an innocent love blossoms into a serious relationship as months pass. Radhika is a great pianist, majoring in music at Columbia University, whereas Rajveer has no degree or any education background. His lack of education and planning earns the disapproval of Radhika's father, Subho Shekar Rai Banerjee (Victor Banerjee). However Radhika leaves her father and marries RV, whom she loves immensely. She forgets about her degree and takes on her job as a wealthy housewife, therefore Radhika Shekar Rai Banerjee turns into Shona. Their family is complete with the birth of two beautiful children, Priya a.k.a. Princess (Angelina Idnani) and Ranveer a.k.a. Champ (Ali Haji (actor)). Luck follows RV and he is soon proclaimed the number one race car driver in the USA.
However, tragedy strikes one day. A racer called Rusty who is quite jealous of RV's name and fame, crashes his car whilst racing, getting him hospitalized for a few months. When he gets out, he heads straight to the track to race again but soon learns that he's scared of going fast because he doesn't want to crash and get hurt again. His old accident haunts him and he comes last in every race he participates in. Exasperated, his manager fires RV and finds someone else. Angry RV tells Harry that he doesn't need him anyway, that he can find some better other manager easily. This results in the end of their friendship.
Now a year has gone by and neither RV nor Shonaa have jobs. They try their best to find work but no one will hire them because none of them have degrees, making them regret Shona's father's words. RV and Shonaa are unable to pay their loans and bills so everything they own in their house is sold. Princess and Champ who are not told much start to worry that they're becoming poor and RV covers up the truth; he says they're actually on a reality show, Don't Worry, Be Happy. This lets them rest but then they suffer more. With only about $2,000 left, RV and family leave their big house and find a less expensive one.
They move into a one-bedroom apartment, and the children become worried again. RV and Shona tell them this is all part of the game and the kids believe them. They still go to their favorite school while their parents try to find jobs. A few days later, Harry comes to meet RV and Shona and offers RV a job of a cab driver. RV thinks he's insulting him of his poverty and lack of his racing talent which results in a heated argument between the two and RV asks him to leave. Days pass and Shona gets a job as a piano player and RV becomes a taxi driver, after lots of arguing.
One night when RV and Shona start fighting, Princess overhears them and learns the truth that they actually are in trouble with money and that there's no reality show. She wants to take things in her own hands and then plans to save up the money she and Champ use are given for lunch. The kids don't eat, and Princess manages but Champ begins to starve. He takes food from the garbage bin without his sister knowing and eats it outside of school on a bench. He keeps eating from the garbage while Princess keeps saving up money. Princess makes Champ promise not to tell their parents a single thing, knowing they'll get mad.
RV gets a customer who needs to get to the airport soon. He takes this chance as to test his racing skills, if they're still there. RV starts off doing great and moves in elegant speed until he gets a terrible flashback of his nightmarish accident. He so then learns that he could probably never race again because of being scared of getting hurt.
Champ gets a piece of glass inside his stomach from eating something. RV, Shona, and Princess run to the hospital where Princess tells her parents the plan she made Champ follow. The doctor tell RV and Shona that they need $65,000. The couple has no idea how they are going to get the money and only have two days to get it. RV decides to enter a race for his son's sake. He meets his old nemesis and he starts remembering the flashbacks. But that doesn't stop him for the love of his son. He and Champ win, while apparently killing RV's nemesis by pushing him off the track. In the end the family is living a happy and fun life, portraying the moral- Love overcomes your fears.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ishaan Nandkishore Awasthi (Darsheel Safary) is an 8-year-old boy who dislikes school and fails every test or exam. He finds all subjects difficult, and is belittled and berated by his teachers and classmates. But Ishaan's internal world is full of wonders that he is unable to convey to others, magical lands filled with colour and animated animals. He is an artist whose talent is unrecognised.
Ishaan's father, Nandkishore Awasthi (Vipin Sharma), is a successful executive who expects his children to excel. His mother, housewife Maya Awasthi (Tisca Chopra), is frustrated by her inability to educate her son. Ishaan's elder brother, Yohaan (Sachet Engineer), is an exemplary scholar and athlete, which Ishaan is frequently reminded of.
After receiving a particularly poor academic report, Ishaan's parents send him to a boarding school. There he sinks into a state of fear and depression, despite being befriended by Rajan Damodharan (Tanay Chheda), a physically disabled boy and one of the top students in the class. He even contemplates suicide by climbing up the fence in a terrace, which Rajan manages to save him from.
Ishaan's situation changes when a new art teacher, Ram Shankar Nikumbh (Aamir Khan), joins the school's faculty. An instructor at the Tulips School for young children with developmental disabilities, Nikumbh's teaching style is markedly different from that of his strict predecessor, and he quickly observes that Ishaan is unhappy and contributes little to class activities. He reviews Ishaan's work and concludes that his academic shortcomings are indicative of dyslexia.
On his day off, Nikumbh sets off to Mumbai, to visit Ishaan's parents. Nikumbh is surprised to learn that Ishaan is passionate about painting, and shows great talent in art. Nikumbh then asks Mr Awasthi as to why he sent Ishaan to a boarding school. Mr Awasthi replies that Ishaan was an ill-mannered boy and was a poor student. Nikumbh shows Ishaan's mother her son's notebooks and gives an analysis of the script. Nikumbh deduces that Ishaan has severe difficulty in understanding letters and words. Mr Awasthi tries to dismiss it as a mere excuse for Ishaan's laziness. Nikumbh demonstrates what Ishaan experiences every day at school. He states that Ishaan has dyslexia as well as he may be having other conditions, which make him a difficult child.
Mr Awasthi bluntly categorizes it as mental retardation, but Nikumbh criticizes him. Nikumbh argues that Ishaan is an above average child and processes information differently. He further states that Mr Awasthi failed to understand Ishaan and as a result the latter is facing low self-esteem and no longer paints, and Mr Awasthi regrets everything he did to Ishaan.
Nikumbh returns, and subsequently brings up the topic of dyslexia in class, and offers a list of famous people who were dyslexic. Later, Nikumbh reveals to Ishaan, that he too is a dyslexic and faced problems similar to Ishaan. Nikumbh then visits the school's principal and obtains his permission to become Ishaan's tutor. He attempts to improve Ishaan's reading and writing by using remedial techniques developed by dyslexia specialists; Ishaan soon develops an interest in language and mathematics, and his grades improve.
Towards the end of the school year, Nikumbh organises an art fair for the staff and students. The competition is judged by artist Lalita Lajmi. Ishaan, with his strikingly creative style, is declared the winner and Nikumbh, who paints Ishaan's portrait, the runner-up. The principal announces that Nikumbh has been hired as the school's permanent art teacher. When Ishaan's parents meet his teachers on the last day of school they are left speechless by the transformation they see in him. Overcome with emotion, Ishaan's father thanks Nikumbh. As Ishaan is getting into the car to leave with his parents for summer vacations, he turns around and runs toward Nikumbh, who gives him a hug and tells him to return next year. The film ends with a freeze-frame shot of Nikumbh tossing Ishaan into the air.
-----------------------------------------------------------
This film is about the lives and travails of people living around a fictitious traffic signal in Mumbai. Anybody who drives in Mumbai has experienced the 2-odd minute wait at a traffic signal.
The traffic signal includes a microcosm of people who derive their daily livelihoods from it. There are beggars (kids and adults), prostitutes, tricksters, eunuchs and others who sell clothes, flowers and trinkets. They speak quickly, act fast and operate somewhat honourably (with each other) to eke a meager living out of the harsh Mumbai street life. They owe allegiance and hafta (weekly "protection" fee) to the signal manager, Silsila (Kunal Khemu).
Silsila grew up at the signal. He ran various trades there before he became the manager. He is an ideal manager: sensitive and caring of his workers yet ruthless when it comes to delivery. Silsila reports into a mid-level don, Jaffar, who in turn reports to the big boss Haji bhaijaan.
Life is well at the signal. A gentle girl, Rani (Neetu Chandra), arrives at the signal to sell ethnic clothes. The initial fireworks blossom into deeper companionship with Silsila. Everything proceeds normally.
Unbeknownst to Silsila, Haji bhaijaan is part of a larger nexus of evil that comprises politicians and the larger Mafia. Haji must play a dangerous game where he is forced to invoke the unwitting pawn, Silsila, to start a series of events that could ultimately destroy the traffic signal. Silsila is unaware of the larger consequences as he carries out his orders without question. But reality dawns on him when he is apprehended in a case of murder, extortion and bribery where he was hardly aware of things.
The signal faces destruction. Silsila's world, and all the people who grew up with it, face extinction. Silsila is forced to make a choice between his life and his world. As his life moves from Green to Red, he may only hope that the signal moves from Red to Green.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Vishal Dixit (Emraan Hashmi), is a regular middle class man, settled in Bangkok with his wife, Anjali (Sayali Bhagat) and their 5-year-old daughter, Nikki who is suffering from kidney failure and is in need of an operation. Anjali and Vishal are trying to hold on to their deteriorating marriage which is already under tremendous pressure due to their daughter’s illness.
One ordinary day, on his way to work, Vishal meets Roma Kapoor (Geeta Basra), a beautiful, captivating woman. The attraction between them is instantaneous. Vishal gets to know her better and the two show each other photographs of their respective daughters and begin to talk. A mutual attraction develops. Vishal realizes that she too is a loner, trapped in a loveless marriage and the two begin meeting frequently. Ultimately, they decide to consummate their affair and end up in a hotel.
However an armed man named Tony (Aseem Merchant) bursts into the hotel room, and robs them, although Vishal pleads that he leave them, instead Tony beats Vishal, and rapes Roma. Vishal and Roma agree not to report the crime, as they do not want their spouses to learn of the affair. Shortly after, Vishal is blackmailed by Tony, who threatens to reveal the truth to his family if he does not pay him, which Vishal promptly does. A month later, Tony calls again, this time demanding 1 Lakh which is meant for Nikki operation. Vishal refuses him outright however Tony later on successfully enters Vishal house by befriending Vishal’s wife and daughter and out of earshot repeats his demand or he will kill Vishal’s family.
Vishal explains his situation to Charlie (Suresh Menon), an ex-con who works as a cameraman in his advertising team and a close family friend whom Vishal had earlier befriended. Charlie offers to scare off Tony for a percent of the payout and Vishal agrees. He and Charlie travel to the meeting location specified by Tony, intending to catch him by surprise. However, before they can act, Charlie is shot and killed. Tony appears and takes the money, leaving Vishal to dispose of the body. Afterwards, Vishal is questioned by Officer Asif Ahmed Khan (Rajat Bedi) about Charlie’s murder. Later, Vishal receives a call from Tony who claims that he will kill Roma if Vishal doesn't deliver the 1 lakh. Vishal takes the money from the account meant for his daughter's medical treatment and makes the payoff. Later on the family doctor phones to inform him they have found a donor match for Nikki and can do the operation, however a defeated Vishal knows that he can’t pay for his daughter operation.
The next day Vishal confesses the truth to a devastated Anjali and, stops by Roma's company to see her. However he is introduced to the real Roma Kapoor. The woman he met on the train is identified as Richa Malhotra, a temp who had worked there briefly. He goes to Roma's apartment, which he realizes is actually in the process of being rented out. Seeing that Roma's photograph of her daughter was actually a cut out of a stock picture in a brochure, Vishal realizes Roma was in on the scam.
He tracks her down and sees her kissing Tony her boyfriend. Determined to retrieve his stolen money, he follows Richa moves and sees that she is seducing another unsuspecting businessman. He rents a room in the same hotel where Richa, Tony, and their partner set him up and awaits them as they prepare to attack their new target. Richa and the businessman go to the room, but Vishal knocks Tony unconscious before he can follow them. Vishal breaks in and demands the return of his money.
A gunfight ensues, and everyone is shot but Vishal, and a dying Richa reveals his money is in the hotel safe and then dies. Vishal, while in his rented room, is cleared by the police near the crime scene. As he leaves the hotel lobby, the continued investigation has all contents from the hotel safe laid out on the front desk. Vishal politely approaches the police and identifies his briefcase, which still contains his money, and quietly leaves the hotel. Vishal returns to his family, Nikki operation is successful and Anjali reconciles with him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Uday (Nana Patekar), a criminal don, takes it upon himself to get his kindhearted sister, Sanjana (Katrina Kaif) married, but he is unsuccessful since no one wants to be associated with a crime family. Dr. Ghunghroo (Paresh Rawal) has also been trying to get his nephew, Rajiv (Akshay Kumar), married but due to his condition—the alliance must be with a purely decent family—he is also unsuccessful.
When Rajiv jumps into a burning building to save Sanjana, he is smitten by her. Uday and Majnu (Anil Kapoor), Uday's brother gangster hatch a plan for an alliance with Dr. Ghunghroo. The plan works and Dr. Ghunghroo confirms the alliance, thinking that Uday is a very decent man. But when he is later told that Uday and Majnu are mobsters, he quickly takes his family and flees to Sun City, South Africa to escape. However, Majnu and Sanjana have come to Sun City as well. Rajiv meets Sanjana again and the two fall in love.
Dr. Ghunghroo reconciles with Uday and Majnu and finally agrees to the alliance. Uday and Majnu invite a powerful don of the underworld, RDX (Feroz Khan) to the engagement. At the party, a girl named Ishika (Malika Sherawat) arrives, claiming to be Rajiv's childhood betrothed. Ishika is actually the sister-in-law of Dr.Ghunghroo whom Dr. Ghunghroo asked to come and try to break off the engagement. Ishika manages to do so, leaving Rajiv and Sanjana heartbroken. Dr. Ghunghroo reveals that he did this for Rajiv's mother, who had married into a crime family and was harassed and tortured, thus telling Dr. Ghunghroo to raise Rajiv away from crime when he was born. Dr. Ghunghroo decides he will agree to the marriage only if Uday and Majnu give up their life of crime. Rajiv and Sanjana do this by reawakening Uday's love for acting and encouraging Majnu to pursue his love for painting. With these things keeping them busy, Uday and Majnu have no time for crime any more.
Rajiv's actions anger RDX's son, Lucky, who attempts to shoot Rajiv. Sanjana gets hold of the gun and fires a shot that hits Lucky, causing him to go unconscious. RDX is informed of his son's death and comes to attend the cremation. However Lucky, who is still alive, escapes, trying to show his father that he's actually alive. RDX sets the pile of wood on fire, believing he is cremating his son's body. However Lucky, who had been hiding under the wood, jumps out upon realising the wood is on fire, and the truth is revealed to RDX. Rajiv, Ghunghroo, his wife, Ishika, Uday, Majnu and Sanjana are captured by RDX and brought to a cabin set next to a cliff. The frightened group is forced to play Passing the Parcel (Hot Potato) with a globe—but the one who ends up with the globe must jump off the cliff. When Rajiv refuses to pass the globe to Sanjana, Lucky angrily yanks it out of his hands, just as the music stops. Now that his son has the globe, RDX figures the only way he can maintain his image is by killing everyone. Before he can, several government brokers sneak up and cut the footings of the cabin, causing the house to start falling over the cliff, with everyone trapped inside. However, the cabin is suspended by only one column. Hilarious chaos ensues as the group tries to balance the cabin together and keep it from falling off the cliff. Rajiv finds a rope and the group uses it to get back onto stable ground. But to everyone's shock, the floor breaks and Lucky is found hanging on the edge of the cabin. While Rajiv is trying to rescue him, Sanjana reveals the truth to everyone that she was the one who shot Lucky, but Rajiv blamed himself so that Sanjana wouldn't get in trouble. After Rajiv rescues Lucky, the cabin he is standing on falls off into the cliff. Sanjana keeps crying for him thinking he is dead. However, Rajiv survives the event and is reunited with Sanjana and his family. Lucky and RDX are grateful to Rajiv for saving their lives and RDX gives up his life of crime, allowing Rajiv and Sanjana to finally get married.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dasrath Joglekar (Nana Patekar), a celebrated writer, travels to New Delhi to receive the prestigious 'Sahitya Sanmaan' Literary Award. During the journey he meets a young film maker Mohan (Nakul Vaid), an ardent fan of Dasrath’s writing and the encounter brings back memories from the past. Both of them travel back in time, remembering characters from Dasrath’s celebrated novel 'Janaaza', reconstructing the true story of the novel's protagonist – Laajvanti (Rekha) from their own perspective. Fact and fiction merge to create a new journey.
After the gala award ceremony in New Delhi, Dasarath begins another journey in his new novel 'Bazaar', while the nostalgia of the previous one haunts him. Dasarath disappears from his hotel in New Delhi. Tension mounts in his family and associates regarding his whereabouts.
Memories from the past and passion bring him to Mehendi galli near Char Minar in Hyderabad where people flock to enjoy mujra dances. The entire area has changed. Laajvanti alias Laajobai has become Miss Lisa, presenting popular film songs numbers to entertain a new clientele. Dasarath’s sudden appearance is a great surprise for Laajvanti. The character of his novel Janaaza comes alive at an unexpected juncture.
Laajvanti shows her reverence to Dasrath by singing melodies from their past. Fate accomplices another journey into the unknown. Is this fact or is it fiction, created by filmmaker Mohan for his forthcoming film called Janaaza?
-----------------------------------------------------------
Multimillionaire Sonia Chang (Isha Koppikar) finds out her only 2 year son is kidnapped. She lives in her huge mansion named "36 China Town" with a servant couple Mr.Lobo (Dinyar Contractor) and Mrs.Lobo (Roshan Tirandas) in Goa. Sonia is consoled by Rocky (Upen Patel), a local flirt. Sonia declares 25 lakh reward if anyone returns the child to her.
The story then focusses upon Raj (Shahid Kapoor), a struggling actor & Priya (Kareena Kapoor), a runaway jilted girl. They both meet each other after both of their dreams have been shattered. They find a child who is dumped in Mumbai. They take pity on him, but after seeing a missing persons ad, they realise that the child is the only son of Sonia Chang. The ad says that they will get a lot of money if they return the son back. They both need the money so they decide to return the baby to her. Before leaving for Goa, they call Sonia Chang and tell that they have her child. She was discussing the change in her will with her lawyer Mr Dixit (Vivek Vaswani), when the duo inform her about her baby. Meanwhile, Raj falls in love with Priya. But she is irritated by his presence.
Sonia is overjoyed & calls them to Goa. During midnight, her casino is hosting some interesting people. One of them is Mr. Natwar (Paresh Rawal), a notorious gambler who has come along with his wife Gracy (Payal Rohatgi). Natwar has pawned his four hotels to Sonia & has only one hotel left in his possession. When he loses money, he is forced to pawn the last hotel too. He keeps this a secret, but Gracy knows the fact. Another person is KK (Johny Lever), who has come along with his wife Ruby (Tanaaz Currim). There is also playboy Rocky among them, who is a big hit with ladies, especially Sonia. Rocky flirts with Ruby. Ruby wins a lot of money in casino. But when she doesn't get the money even after claiming it, she enters 36 China town to meet Sonia in a very angry mood. Even Natwar goes inside the mansion to meet Sonia and pawn the last hotel. Upset by this, Gracy goes to 36 China Town in an angry mood. Then, she goes her bedroom with Rocky. Meanwhile, KK and Natwar decide to play together and they lose all of their money. They fight and get out of the casino by the bouncers.
Meanwhile, Raj & Priya come to Goa, where they run into a drunkard (Raj Zutshi) loitering near the mansion. The drunkard runs away on seeing them. The duo are surprised to see the mansion to be in dark, since they expected Sonia to be waiting for them. They enter the mansion & call for Sonia. When she doesn't answer, they realise that something is wrong. On seeing the state of the house, they realise that Sonia has been robbed, but are later horrified to see Sonia dead. The duo run, but find that the child is left inside the mansion. Raj enters the mansion again to take him. He witnesses two eyes and legs of the killer behind a cupboard. Terrified, he gets out of the mansion with the child. Raj and priya then inform Goa police about the murder. They keep the child inside a police van and run away. But Priya finds that she has left her suitcase inside the mansion inside which her passport is kept. Meanwhile, audience watch that Sonia's body is kept inside Priya's suitcase by somebody and kept outside the mansion. KK reaches the mansion and finds the suitcase. Thinking that it is containing lot of money, he takes it and reaches his room in hotel where Ruby is waiting for him. Meanwhile, Raj and Priya go back to the mansion to take her suitcase. Raj enters the mansion but is arrested by Inspector Karan (Akshaye Khanna), the investigating officer and Ravi (Vivek Shauq). Meanwhile, KK and Ruby find out that the suitcase contains dead body, not money. They decide to dispose the suitcase. Meanwhile, Priya, who wants to help Raj, gets arrested. Priya and Raj become the prime suspects of the murder. Inside the cell both fall for each other. Meanwhile, KK and Ruby unable to dispose the suitcase, are arrested by police. KK tells the truth to Karan about Natwar. Karan goes to meet Natwar. Natwar lies to him that he was in his room with his wife, Gracy. Karan goes away. Natwar then finds out that Gracy was with Rocky in the room. Next day, Karan comes to meet Natwar and Gracy. Natwar tells him that it was he who was in the room and he got out from pipe directly to the neighbouring house's bedroom (Which actually Rocky did). But to his shock, the room turns to be Sonia Chang's mansion's bedroom where she was murdered. Natwar is arrested.
Natwar then tells the truth to Karan about Rocky. Karan calls Rocky to police station. But seeing Rocky's eyes, Raj recollects that it was rocky's eyes and shoes which he had seen behind the cupboard. Rocky then tells that he was in Gracy's room that night. He had got out from the pipe to sonia's bedroom only to find her already murdered. When he was about to get out from the house, Raj and Priya had entered with the child and started searching for Sonia. Then, when Raj had entered the mansion again to take the child, he had seen his (Rocky's) eyes and legs. Karan is able to reconstruct what actually happened that night. Based on Mr. Dixit's statement about the will & everybody's statement, Karan is able to find the truth. First, he procures the drunkard, whom Raj & Priya believe to be the murderer. But, Karan goes on to explain that he is in fact, the kidnapper.
Karan goes on to explain that the kidnapper was hired by the killer but the kidnapper lost the baby's possession, who was then found by Raj and Priya in Mumbai. After Sonia is informed by Raj & Priya about the baby's discovery, the mastermind found that his/her plan was failing. Hence, he/she murdered Sonia, while other people incriminated themselves by fooling others to believe that it was robbery gone wrong. The actual killer was Mr. and Mrs. Lobo, Sonia's servants. According to Sonia Chang's initial will, after her death, the person who was most close to her son (which were her servants) would inherit everything but then one day she found out about their evil intentions and decided to change her will, which led to them murdering her.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Anu (Priyanka Chopra), a London based NRI who is living in India after her boyfriend Danny (Dino Morea) ditched her at the altar. Now, she has come back to London to be a part of her sister Shirani’s (Ameesha Patel) marriage, to the New York-based, Gujarati businessman Kunal Shah (Suniel Shetty), who is also Danny's best friend.
In a plan to get back to Danny and to make him jealous, Anu convinces her colleague Aman (Akshaye Khanna), to accompany her to the wedding as her new beau. Incidentally, Shirani was also involved with Danny earlier, which resulted in heartbreak for her too, as everyone learns of Danny’s womanizing ways. Arjun Khanna (Anupam Kher) is the father of Shirani. Betty (Lilette Dubey), Anu's mother, married Arjun after her first husband died when Anu was little.
As time passes by, Aman finds Anu fascinating and later it develops into a fondness between the two. How Anu and Aman’s relationship undergoes a change during the course of these incidents forms the crux of the story.
It turns out that Danny had used Kunal to get to Shirani and he believes that they can still be together. Shirani keeps trying to tell Danny that she loves Kunal. Anu reacts with Aman in an unfriendly way but later they form a friendship that in time turns into love. When Anu finds out about Danny's relationship with Shirani, she breaks down knowing that everyone knew (even Aman) but didn't tell her. She tells Aman to go away but Kunal (who thinks of Aman as a friend) convinces him to stay for his sake (Aap ki khatir). The truth is revealed to everyone and then they believe that Anu loves Aman. Anu's parents convince her to go after Aman but she is too late as he has already left. When Shirani tells Kunal about Danny, he is heartbroken and chases Danny away. While chasing Danny, he finds Aman going away and he convinces Aman to ask Anu again for her love. He agrees and makes Kunal realize that he and Shirani are also meant to be together and to marry Shirani. Anu ends up marrying Aman and Kunal accepts Shirani happily after knowing the truth.
-----------------------------------------------------------
This story is woven around aimless youth Ankush Ramdev (Abhay Deol) who scrapes a living by acting as a witness in Delhi's marriage registrar bureau and a girl Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who has run away from her home in Nainital, to get married to her love Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi).
Fate intervenes and Dheeraj does not show up at the Marriage Registrar's Office. Dejected, Megha is forced to rely on Ankush's generosity. Ankush helps Megha by getting her a job at a local old age home so that she has the security of a roof over her head. As time passes Megha begins to realize her potential as an educated girl who had earlier dedicated her life to her boyfriend and that relationship, thinking that there was nothing more to her. She realizes that she was wrong, and finally there comes a day when she tells Ankush that she is glad Dheeraj stood her up at the Marriage Bureau. Else, she would have never known who she really was.
At the same time Ankush realizes that the meager amount he earns each day is not enough for him. He still has to repay the loan he had taken for Megha's sake. So he starts working as a bank's representative who opens bank accounts for a commission. Slowly he starts increasing the number of hours working at his new job and reduces those spent at the Marriage Registrar's Office.
A day comes when he is able to repay the loan he had taken for Megha. On learning of this Megha reprimands him for doing so much for a girl who was a stranger for him. But now Ankush is earning 5 times more than he was before. He has a much more respectable job and a future. Ankush believes he has changed because of Megha and her faith in him. Life progresses well for Ankush. Soon he gets an offer to join the same bank as an Area Supervisor, at a handsome salary. Ankush hesitates, as fluent English is a pre-requisite.
Megha inspires Ankush giving him the confidence to realize that all he needed was an opportunity in life to succeed. A relationship develops between Megha and Ankush. Megha decides to leave her past with Dheeraj behind and embrace the future with Ankush by her side.
Everything seems to be falling in place for Ankush when Dheeraj returns. He is persistent in his search for Megha and Ankush's new found happiness crumbles.
Ankush tries to force Dheeraj to return to Nainital. He tries all his wits and energy to do this, but does not succeed. He even shows Dheeraj the death certificate of Megha, so that he can return, but Dheeraj has complete faith in his love and Megha.
One day Ankush's friend gives Dheeraj the whereabouts of Megha. This is on the same day Megha and Ankush have planned to get married. On seeing Dheeraj in the mirror, she gets angry at him and asks him to leave. Dheeraj agrees, but he also insists her to listen to what had happened to him when he was coming to Delhi from Nainital. He was preyed in a plot of RDX in the train. He somehow escapes from the plot. Megha realizes that what Dheeraj did was not intentional and was just a situation in which Dheeraj was trapped.
Megha talks to Ankush and tells him that she cannot live without Dheeraj and finally Ankush realizes that he is just a friend to her. In the end Ankush becomes the witness of the wedding of Dheeraj and Megha but asks for his regular fees, severing all connection to Megha and Dheeraj love story.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kiran (Rati Agnihotri) marries Vivek, and shortly after they wed, they separate and Vivek returns to the U.S. and refuses to talk to Kiran, who gives birth to a son she names Raj. She learns that Vivek never loved her but got married to gain funds in his fathers will requiring that he marry to inherit. Kiran decides to not tell Raj about his father. In college years later, Raj has become a star basketball player, who hates men who leave their families, using as examples Bhagwan Shri Ram who had abandoned his pregnant wife, and Bhagwan Shri Buddh who had abandoned his family. Raj has numerous affairs with fellow-collegians, and ends up contracting HIV.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ricky (Emraan Hashmi) is a leading fashion photographer, who carries his heart on his sleeve. He's an absolute womanizer. The film begins with Ricky getting a call from Sheena (Udita Goswami), who asks him to meet her in a gym. Once there, the two have a showdown since Ricky had used and dumped Sheena's friend Nisha (Tara Sharma). A heartbroken Nisha had even contemplated attempting suicide.
Three years later, Ricky is about to hold an exhibition of his creations when a millionaire walks in and buys the entire lot even before the exhibition has begun. The millionaire, Rajveer aka Raj (Dino Morea), has a pre-condition: Ricky should make Raj's wife Sheena fall in love with him (Ricky). Ricky is perplexed, for he fails to understand why a husband would hire someone to have an affair with his wife. But Raj explains that he wants Sheena to divorce him and this would be possible only if she fell in love with another man.
Ricky flies to London, where Raj and Sheena live in a splendid mansion, and starts playing his cards. After some setbacks Sheena and Ricky begin a relationship. The plan seems to be working perfect. Raj catches Ricky and Sheena in bed, but Sheena is unfazed and does not consider this to be an issue. she also refuses to divorce Raj and tells him she is intent on continuing with her relationship with Ricky: Raj is stunned; he feels his game plan has gone kaput.
Realizing that Sheena wouldn't divorce him, Raj turns to Ricky, tells him to pack his bags and return to India. But now Ricky does a somersault. He's enjoying using a rich woman and staying in the lap of luxury. Raj is stunned again. It's a clear case of double crossing. Nisha attends a party in Raj's mansion. After the party is over, Nisha is crying outside claiming that she was raped by Ricky. The next morning, Sheena confronts Ricky and in a fit of rage, she brutally murders Ricky with a sword, cutting his face and by digging the sword through his chest.
The cop investigates the murder and Sheena is the prime suspect. At the time when she was being arrested, Raj stands up and declares that he is the killer and he is taken to jail. When Sheena meets him in jail, he transfers all his property to her name. When the cop comes home with a stress ball which Raj had given to him, he was playing with it. Suddenly something falls and he discovers a camera which recorded the murder scene. Sheena is taken to jail and she transfers all her wealth to Raj's name. This masterstroke was fully planned by Raj. A few years ago, all cameras were removed from the base camp but Raj deliberately left this one.
At the end, Raj is seen sitting in the car with Nisha, his love. He gives her the property papers as a token of his love. The cop stares at Raj and Nisha in car then Raj throws his "Tension Ball" at him and says,"Aisa to aksar hota hai" (This happens often).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Widower Hemant Rastogi (Yatin Karyekar) lives in scenic Mahabaleshwar, seemingly alone. One night he has a heart attack and passes away. When the Police search his residence they find Tejas (Akshay Kapoor), Hemant's only son, in the basement of the house. Tejas has spent his entire life in the basement and as a result of this is extremely sensitive to sunlight. The Police ask Purva Rana (Dia Mirza), head of P.R. Institute (an institute for the rehabilitation of young criminals) to look after Tejas, whose only experience of other people up until this point has been with his father and the books he provided for him. Tejas starts showing signs of Telekenesis, and is shunned by the other boys in the institute, resulting in the near fatal accident of a security guard and the death of a fellow student. Tejas redeems himself in the eyes of Purva's wealthy father, Pushkar (Jayant Kripalani), when he is able to wake his wife, Gayetri Rana (Beena Banerjee), from a coma-like condition. It looks like Tejas has been accepted into the Rana household, but he is subsequently harassed by doctors and scientists wishing to perform experiments on him. When Tejas and Pushkar both refuse to be part of these experiments, Tejas is abducted and held in a glass chamber by Dr. Richard Dyer (Tom Alter), who wants to control his mind for his own benefit. Purva realises that Tejas has been abducted, and is fatally injured by Dr. Dyer in a rescue attempt. At the sight of this, Tejas' anger causes his powers to surge, shattering the glass cage and killing Dr. Dyer brutally and Purva gets electrocuted. Tejas successfully brings her back to life by shock therapy using both his hands. The film ends with Purva and Tejas driving away in sunset.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ankahee begins with Sheena (Hrishita Bhatt) arriving at home, when her mother Nandita (Ameesha Patel) tells her that her father Shekhar (Aftab Shivdasani) has sent her a letter and wants to meet her as he’s dying from illness. Sheena refuses to meet her father, as he abandoned her & her mother for sixteen years when Sheena was just six years of age. As her mother persuades her to meet him, she finally agrees to pay her father a visit and she sees him in a bad situation under careful nursing. Unable to express his feelings, Shekhar lends his daughter a diary in which he wrote about all the incidents that led to his break-off. Henceforth, the story of Dr. Shekhar unspools.
Sixteen years back, the world of Shekhar and Nandita with their little daughter was nearer to perfection so much that no one could suspect that in his complacent heart was lying the seed of betrayal. Shekhar's life takes a U-turn as he meets an actress and a former beauty queen, Kavya Krishna (Esha Deol), at a hospital with her wrist being slit and slowly the two fall for each other and continue to meet even after her wrist is cured. Shekhar's friend, Dr. Kunal Mehta,a Psychiatrist (Amin Hajee), then confronts him to stay away from this woman as he feels that their constant interaction will cause damage to Shekhar's marital life.
A week later, Shekhar goes to Goa for a press conference and Kavya follows him there and tells him she had no choice other than this to break her feeling of loneliness. Something brews between the two as Shekhar goes back to his home in Mumbai. Soon enough, Nandita notices that Shekhar is uncomfortable with the surroundings and as she tries to help him he starts yelling at her about why she is giving him so much importance in her life. Further problems take place as Shekhar misses his daughter's annual school function, and then he decides to confront Kavya and asks her to end this relationship. But Kavya leaves no stone unturned, she goes and visits him at his office at the hospital and in tears asks him to forget all what he said yesterday and explains to him how she can feel happy only with him. Shekhar then hugs her and explains to her how much he loves her back.
Back at home, Nandita tells Shekhar that a journalist from Mid-Day newspaper had called and wanted to speak to him. Ignoring this call, the next day Shekhar discovers that his relationship with Kavya is printed in the newspaper and has become the talk of the town. Kunal's wife Shilpa (Ashwini Kalsekar) then spots Nandita at a restaurant and shows her the newspaper, leaving her in complete shock. Later, Shekhar arrives at home as he and Nandita confront each other about the affair as the confrontation ends with Nandita giving him a slap on the face. The next day, Shekhar finds Nandita sitting at his office as she apologizes to him for what happened the previous night and tells him about how she wants both of them to fix what's been broken and how she will do anything just to save this marriage from breaking. She later visits Kavya's house to confront her and asks her to let her family live in peace. As Shekhar is informed about Nandita's visit to Kavya, he loses his temper and decides to leave the house telling Nandita how he regrets his marriage.
The next day, Sheena's parents are called to her school to pick her up as she's sick while the principal tells them how he's upset with the recent change in Sheena's behavior at school. Sheena then tells her father that her classmates have been picking on her after his affair with the star, but he denies it when she asks him whether it’s true or not. Later that day, Kavya's manager (Deepak Qazir) asks her to stop making her personal life public as her reputation is being ruined. Kavya then gets angry, blaming Nandita for what's happened and she fires her manager thinking he is working against her. She then asks Shekhar to make a choice between her and Nandita as wouldn't mind risking her own life to keep her man exclusively for herself. Torn between the two women, Shekhar decides to split from his wife and his daughter and chooses Kavya over his family not knowing that he would regret this choice forever. Shekhar then gets a call from Nandita, telling him that he should pay his daughter a visit as she's sick. Kavya refuses to let him go and tells him this is Nandita's plan to take him back. Shekhar gets furious and yells at her saying she is mad, lonely, and mentally ill. Kavya is hurt, so she grabs a gun, and shoots herself. Shekhar goes back to Nandita asking her for forgiveness, but she turns him down. After reading all this, Sheena goes back to her father and hugs him as he apologizes to her saying that he feels hurt because he has not been a good father. She accepts his apology, but the next day she wakes up to find out that her father has died. Sheena cries to her mother asking her to forgive him too and she finally agrees to forgive him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ramanujam Iyengar alias Ambi is an orthodox Brahmin and a straightforward consumer protection advocate living in Triplicane, Chennai. He expects everyone to follow the law and prosecutes those who violate it. However, his efforts fail as circumstantial evidence always seems to favour the accused. He also fails to raise civic awareness due to pervasive corruption and a general lack of seriousness. Frustrated at his inability to bring about a change in society, his suppressed anger manifests itself in an alter-ego named Anniyan, a grim reaper-themed serial killer who punishes corrupt and indifferent people. Anniyan creates a website, compiles a list of wrongdoers from his site, and kills them using punishments described in the Garuda Puranam, one of the ancient Hindu scriptures.
Ambi is secretly in love with his neighbour Nandini, an aspiring carnatic singer, but never expresses his love due to his fear of rejection. When he proposes to her during the annual Tyagaraja Aradhana at Thiruvaiyaru, she rejects him as she cannot bear his strict adherence to rules. Distraught, Ambi attempts suicide, almost drowning himself before having second thoughts. Subsequently, he develops another personality named Remo, a fashion model. Nandini is smitten by Remo and falls in love with him. Their marriage is eventually fixed.
While purchasing a plot of land for her dowry, Nandini decides to undervalue the property to evade stamp duty. Ambi, who accompanies her as she registered the property, refuses to help her. Later, when Nandini and Remo are on a date, Remo transforms into Anniyan and attempts to punish her for her corrupt act. As he is about to kill her, Nandini calls out for Ambi. Anniyan then reverts to Ambi, who collapses and loses consciousness. Nandini takes Ambi to NIMHANS where he is diagnosed with multiple personality disorder. Through recovered-memory therapy, the chief psychiatrist of the hospital uncovers Ambi's past. It is revealed that, when Ambi was fourteen years old, he witnessed the accidental death of his younger sister Vidya due to civic apathy. The incident left a deep emotional scar, which is the reason for his lofty ideals. It is also discovered that while Anniyan and Remo are aware of Ambi as a separate person, Ambi is oblivious to their existence within him. The psychiatrist declares that Remo will cease to exist if Nandini accepts Ambi's love, but Anniyan will cease to exist only when the society reforms. Nandini accepts Ambi's love and Remo disappears.
Meanwhile, DCP Prabhakar and Sub-inspector Chari, who is Ambi's friend, investigate the murders committed by Anniyan. In disguises, they discover clues left behind by Anniyan, which are the names of the punishments he meted out to his victims. Prabhakar is determined to bring Anniyan to justice as one of Anniyan's victims, Chockalingam, an errant catering contractor with the Indian Railways, was his elder brother. In a dramatic publicity stunt, Anniyan admits to the murders he committed when he appears amidst the public and the press at the Nehru Stadium. He explains the rationale behind them and says that only when every Indian is responsible and sincere will the country prosper on a par with developed nations. His methods draw both praise and criticism. Prabhakar tries to catch Anniyan, but he escapes.
On investigating the recorded footage, Prabhakar discovers that Anniyan is Ambi and arrests him. Ambi is brutally interrogated and almost killed, triggering Anniyan's reappearance. Ambi's personality alternates between Ambi and Anniyan, resulting in ambiguity. He subdues Prabhakar as Anniyan, but begs for mercy as Ambi. Using CCTV, Chari secretly records the interrogation and uses it as evidence of Ambi's condition during his trial. Ambi is sentenced to psychotherapy in a mental hospital and will be eligible for release when cured.
When Ambi is released two years later, his rigid adherence to protocol has diminished. He marries Nandini. While travelling on a train during their honeymoon, he notices a man (an electrician who was indirectly responsible for his sister's death several years ago) drinking amidst fellow passengers. Suffering a relapse, he transforms into Anniyan and throws the man off the train, killing him. However, he hides the incident from Nandini, indicating that he has successfully blended his personalities into one instead of eradicating them.
-----------------------------------------------------------
6 Alvarez House in Bandra, Mumbai, is the residence of myopic, widowed, devout Hindu, Satyabol Shashtri (Anupam Kher), who lives there with his daughter, Shivani (Riya Sen). Shivani is in love with her Christian neighbor, Arjun Fernandes (Shreyas Talpade), who is a mechanic and lives with his wanna-be singer sister, Julie (Koena Mitra), and a younger ailing sister, Titli. Satyabol disapproves of Arjun and wants his daughter to get married to Sarju Maharaj Banaraswale's son. Other than Satyabol chasing Badshah, the pet dog of Arjun, and ending up in the woman's bathroom, the area is fairly peaceful.
Then Arjun and his friends try to think of a plan to stop Sarju from marrying his son to Shivani but can't. So Arjun calls his cousin Kishan (Ritesh Deshmukh) to help them. Kishan comes disguised as Sarju Maharaj Banaraswale by tricking the real Sarju into getting of the train and as soon as he gets of the train, some goons who think he is a relative of Kishan catch him and take him to find out where Kishan is. Meanwhile, Kishan becomes Sarju and convinces Satyabol that his (Sarju's) son is not good for his (Shashtri's) daughter by dancing in the bar and kissing Julie who was in the act. Then Shashtri informs the fake Sarju that he does not want to marry his daughter to Sarju's son and that he can go now. So having finished his mission, Kishan prepares to leave when Arjun tells him to stay back as he loves Julie but Kishan refuses saying that he is not destined for julie. Then after Arjun leaves and Rana (Chunky Pandey) turns up with the real Sarju but when Kishan says that all the is with Sarju they leave Kishan and run after Sarju while Kishan escapes, disguises himself as a woman named Sunaina and says 'she' is Arjun's aunty and soon Shashtri falls in love with her. Then in the neighbourhood also comes Matha Prasad (Rajpal Yadav) who runs a dairy farm and moonlights as the hit man of Bangkok-based underworld Don, Carlos (Jackie Shroff). The once honest cop Namdev Mane (Sunil Shetty) ( pronounced as Maa-ne ) teames up with Carlos' girlfriend Sania (Celina Jaitley) who is on the lookout for hidden diamonds and facing bankruptcy - Carlos himself - as they face off in one of the most hilarious stand-offs to seek wealth and to fulfill their individual dreams.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A young woman, Shwetambari is the daughter to wealthy parents, Mahendranath and Gayatri Devi respectively and studies at university in the city. She falls in love with a low-caste mystic named Soham (played by Ashmit Patel). Soham, after one meditative session, is illumined by Babaji, his mentor (played by Naseeruddin Shah) and decides there is no harm in falling in love with the girl from the high-caste Brahmin family. This creates a citywide scandal. Shwetambari's parents initially object but eventually support the relationship, despite the objections of orthodox elements. The orthodox elements of the society discourage the relationship actively, driving Shwetambari to depression. She eventually finds salvation in her religious beliefs. Eventually, when she discovers her own mother caused the murder of her fiance, a disheartened Shwetambari leaves the city.
17 years later, Shwetambari, now a philosopher and religious scholar, is torn between returning to her beloved city of Varanasi to see her dying father, and avoiding all the unpleasantness associated with her inter-caste liaison of the past. She returns, which creates turbulence in the mindscape of her so-called self-realized being.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Nikhil Kapoor (Sanjay Suri) decides to return from the USA to Mumbai. When he arrives, he decides to chill out at a nightclub. There he meets a woman and instantly falls for her; she, however, doesn't even introduce herself. After he asks her name, she goes away. The next day, Nikhil meets his old friend Rahul (Jimmy Shergill). The two play basketball and hang out together. Whilst in the company of Rahul and Steve (Rehaan Engineer), another one of Nikhil's friend; the woman shows up again and she is revealed to be Anamika Joshi (Urmila Matondkar). She walks in with her friend Farhad, and when Nikhil tries to talk to Anamika, Farhad begins to think he is flirting with or disturbing her, and a fight breaks out.
Naturally, Rahul and Steve join in as well. Farhad draws out a gun impulsively and Nikhil snatches it from him, pointing it towards him. In the ensuing scuffle, while Steve tries to stop Nikhil by holding him from behind and Rahul tries to draw Farhad away, a bullet is accidentally shot by Nikhil; hitting Rahul in the back. Steve runs away in panic. Anamika also disappears. Farhad flees the country and quietly leaves for Australia. The police arrive at the scene, and arrest Nikhil. Rahul gets paralysed and loses the use of his legs. When Nikhil is kept in a cell by the police for shooting at Rahul, he tells them to ask Rahul himself, who refuses to speak with him. Also, Nikhil has no way of contacting Anamika to prove his innocence. Three years after having been imprisoned, Ira Malhotra (Juhi Chawla) comes to hear his side of the story and helps bail him out. Now Nikhil gets to meet Rahul and Anamika and eventually finds out that he was lured into a trap by someone, who is still at large. Eventually it turns out that Ira and Rahul were having an affair, and Steve came to know about it. In order to teach Rahul a lesson, at that night in the party, he had pressed the trigger while he was trying to stop Nikhil, with the gun in Nikhil's hand, making it look like Nikhil had done all this. Ira knew this all along, and that's why she helped Nikhil to get bailed out. She tries to leave Steve, and comes to Nikhil, where an angry Steve confronts both of them and threatens them with a gun. Steve shoots Nikhil in the stomach, fatally wounding him. Ira holds herself responsible for whatever wrong has happened to Nikhil and shoots herself leaving Steve shocked and repenting. Steve commits suicide by shooting a bullet in his head and dies instantly.
Anamika and Rahul, fearing the worst, reach Nikhil's house, where a dying Nikhil finally succumbs in Anamika's lap. The movie ends with both Anamika and Rahul standing together, looking towards the sunset, in silence.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Champak Chaturvedi (Paresh Rawal) the director of a theatre group, is offered a chance to perform a show in London. Babla (Govinda) and Bunty (Akshay Kumar) are two derps and flirts in his group, always fighting with each other to get the role of the hero. Their behaviour causes the actress (Tanushree Dutta) to run away. This really upsets the organizer, who offered the chance mainly because of the heroine. After reaching London, Champak tells the duo that whoever gets a new actress will get to become hero. Then Babla asks Gullu (Rajpal Yadav), a local driver where he can find a heroine. Gullu misinterprets this as prostitute and directs him to a park.
Bunty, who has heard everything, follows them. In a misunderstanding, they meet two men from underworld and exchange their goods, only to find that the men have sold drugs to them since the underworld misinterpreted their need for heroine as "heroin". Bunty convinces Babla into going to the police to turn in the drugs to get good credit or an award, but the police get the wrong impression and think they are drug dealers. Commissioner JD Mehra (Jackie Shroff) releases them after telling them not to leave the country until they are proven innocent. Then while search of a heroine, Bunty and Gullu take help of Guru (Shakti Kapoor), a local don who is a drunkard and they end up breaking his (Guru's) legs. Guru sends his goons to thrash Bunty and Gullu but they escape. They bump into Munni (Lara Dutta), who is trying to commit suicide. Bunty saves her and brings her to the theatre group to be the heroine.
Later, Bunty falls in love with Munni, but then she has an accident. The doctor notes that she may have suicidal tendencies. When Munni wakes up, she claims to be Nisha Chauhan, wife of Vikram Chauhan (Arbaaz Khan). They meet Vikram, who confirms her suicidal nature. A heartbroken Bunty accepts the fact and tries to forget her, only to learn some time later that Nisha has burnt herself to death.
Meanwhile, the underworld don (Sharat Saxena) who gave drugs and his boss M.G. Gandhi (Manoj Joshi) think that Bunty, Babla and Champak are undercover cops and they want to kill them. However, Bunty suddenly spots Nisha in the city one day. Later, Champak and Babla too see her. On the day of the drama, the trio see Vikram flailing a gun at someone and are shocked to see him die in front of them.
All three are frightened and throw his body down a vent. During the performance, Vikram's body falls from the ceiling. The commissioner questions everyone and arrests the trio for murder of Vikram. M.G. Gandhi wants the three dead because he thinks they're going to get him thrown in jail. Gandhi's men attack the police car transporting the trio, helping them to escape. The trio try to search priety based on the clues they have. Meanwhile, Gullu is given task by Guru to search for the trio. M G Gandhi captures Champak. Bunty and Babla run into Nisha, well and alive, upon which they trap her at the clock tower of Brighton railway station.
It is revealed her real name is Aditi and she was hired by Vikram to play his wife Nisha and convince people she is crazy in return for money and a passport out of the UK. Vikram wanted to kill his real wife Nisha (Gurleen Chopra) to get her wealth. When Aditi found out about his ways, she tried to stop him and failed. She later tried to reach Bunty at the show to tell him about it, but Vikram caught her. Then the Commissioner arrived at the play and killed Vikram. Just then, the Commissioner arrives there and confirms that he is indeed Vikram's killer.
The Commissioner reveals that Nisha was his sister and he killed Vikram to avenge her murder. He also intends to kill Aditi as she helped Vikram to pass off Nisha's murder as suicide. By then, Gandhi and his men, Champak, Gullu, Guru and his men, reach there and a skirmish starts. The Commissioner is about to kill Nisha along with Bunty, Babla and Champak. However, the disaster is averted, after which the Commissioner confesses his crime. Bunty marries Aditi. The film ends with the title song.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Basanti (Sushmita Sen) is a prostitute with a child, Titali, working with Ila Arun. Chandan (Anuj Sawhney) is a newly recruited postman. Upon his arrival in the village, he is moved by Basanti's sufferings. The third part of the love triangle is Bhuvan Panda (Mithun Chakraborty), the village priest of the goddess, Kali. He thinks of himself as a god and bends religion as per his will. In the movie, the priest follows some of the aghori rituals and is one of Basanti's regular customers. Bhuvan Panda has a fetish for sadism. Meanwhile, Chandan befriends Titali and Basanti and it is here that Basanti discloses that she wants a better life for her daughter, Titali.
Chandan falls in love with Basanti and promises to give her and Titali a better life. The priest does not approve of the marriage, for obvious reasons. Bhuvan Panda plans to kill Basanti. Chandan tries to stop him and is killed. As this is happening, Basanti awaits her lover at the altar. When he does not arrive, Basanti leaves broken-hearted. In her despair, Basanti returns to her life of prostitution.
When the news of what happened to Chandan reaches Basanti, she and all the villagers attack the temple. In a climactic confrontation between the prostitute and the priest, Bhuvan Panda is killed at the hands of Basanti. The story ends with Basanti avenging the death of her lover.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Jeetu (Shahid Kapoor) is constantly getting himself and his father into trouble because of his inability to properly manage money. Plunging them both into debt, Jeetu breaks off his engagement with his fiance, Pooja (Sushma Reddy) and decides to commit suicide by throwing himself into the sea. Jeetu believes that by killing himself, he can do something right for once: his father can use the money from his life insurance to pay off his debts. Unfortunately, it does not go as planned and Jeetu is found tangled in some nets by a pair of fishermen, Gundya (Paresh Rawal) and Bandya (Rajpal Yadav). Gundya owes money to a Gujarati businessman, Prabhat Singh Chauhan (Om Puri). He reads a note found in Jeetu's pocket, which makes him think Jeetu is rich, rather than in debt. The two fishermen hatch a scheme in which they will offer Jeetu to Prabhat in exchange for the money Gundya owes.
Jeetu does not want to reveal too much, and therefore pretends to be mute and deaf. A hilarious sequence of events follows as his pretense gets both him and the fishermen into comical situations. Soon, it is revealed that Prabhat's niece Shruti (Kareena Kapoor) is mute too, but not deaf. Her brother Mangal (Sunil Shetty) wants her to get married and everything seems okay when her marriage is arranged. However, the groom's family breaks the marriage, humiliating Shruti and angering Mangal. One night, when Jeetu gets drunk, he begins to sing, but is caught when Shruti and her cousin Meenakshi (Neha Dhupia) hear him (and consequently learn of his secret). They promise to keep his secret but in return he must do something for Shruti. A greedy bridegroom is interested in marrying Shruti only for her wealth; Jeetu must pretend to be her lover to break the marriage.
Meenakshi finds out that Jeetu is in debt and she thinks he will do anything for money. Unfortunately, Jeetu is involved in a car crash with Prabhat who, at the time, was carrying a lot of money. Meenakshi tells the police about her suspicions and they beat Jeetu mercilessly. Her views about him change however when Prabhat announces that Jeetu was the one that saved him and took him to the hospital. In the meantime, Bandya has returned from Jeetu's village with a suitcase full of money. He tells Jeetu that Pooja is married, but Pooja believes she is Jeetu's widow, though the two never got married. At the same time, Shruti confesses her love for Jeetu. Mangal finds out about the romance and practically forces Jeetu to marry Shruti. Free of debt, he agrees to marry Shruti, having fallen in love with her too. But when his family learns of this, they intrude on the marriage, wanting him to return and marry Pooja instead. However, when Pooja learns that Shruti is mute, she has a change of heart and tells Jeetu to marry Shruti. Jeetu and Shruti get married and live happily.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Corporate centers around the power games between two industrialists, The Sehgal Group of Industries (SGI) owned by Vinay Sehgal (Rajat Kapoor) and the Marwah Group of Industries (MGI) owned by Dharmesh Marwah (Raj Babbar). The two companies are traditional rivals in the food & beverages products business. Bipasha Basu plays Nishigandha Dasgupta aka Nishi, vice president of SGI, while Vinay Sehgal's brother-in-law Ritesh (Kay Kay Menon) joins in later as senior vice president.
Ashwini, a politician backed by Sehgal, become the Union Finance Minister, which helps the Sehgal Group to enter a lucrative partnership with international food products giants Friscon.
In a CII meeting, the state Finance Minister Gulabrao declares that a public sector unit (PSU) is for sale. Both the companies pounce into the competition using every tactic they have to outperform each other. But last-minute politicking by Marwah with Gulabrao leads to the PSU going to the Marwah Group, leaving Sehgal disappointed.
However, Nishi charms Marwah Group's CEO Pervez, and is then able to steal critical information from his laptop computer: she finds out that Marwah had been misleading the media that they were planning to manufacture mineral water in the plant, whereas in reality they were planning to manufacture a mint-based soft drink. The Sehgal Group publicly announces that they will be launching their own mint-based soft drink, which they've named "Just Chill", pre-empting the Marwah Group's planned launch. Marwah traces the leak to Pervez and fires him.
Ten days before the launch of the drink, Sehgal learns that the FDA has found the presence of a large amount of pesticides in the drink. But Sehgal, cold-heartedly, decides to launch the product by bribing the FDA agents. However, CEO Naveen resigns from the SGI. The drink is a great success. However, another of SGI's executive is unhappy that Ritesh is being made the CEO, and he gives Marwah the information that SGI's product contains pesticides. Marwah along with Gulabrao blow up the issue in the media, leading to a raid on the SGI plants and a case on the Sehgals. Sehgal decides that the only solution is for an employee of SGI who is not a member of the Sehgal family to take the blame for the blunder. Nishi is chosen for that role.
Sehgal had promised Ritesh that Nishi would be released by the Enquiry Commission soon but after the compromise he abandons her. Ritesh, angry about it, threatens to expose Sehgal in front of the media if Nishi is not released within 48 hours. The next day he is found dead, having fallen from the terrace of his apartment building. It is assumed to be suicide but some think otherwise. A few days later, SGI's product is back on the market. In the new elections Gulabrao becomes the Chief Minister. The movie ends with Nishi shown fighting the case. She also has a daughter fathered by Ritesh.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Darna Zaroori Hai interweaves six stories into one film. Five children get lost in the middle of a forest until they find a haunted house. Inside, there is an old woman who agrees to tell them six scary stories, and they will all compete on who is able to sit through all six stories without getting scared.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Devaki takes a look at the parallel lives of two young women, belonging to strikingly different backgrounds, who were both betrayed by their fathers and lovers.
Devaki (Suman Ranganathan) is a village girl who is forced into marriage to a 70-year-old man. On the night of the marriage, she is raped by the brother of the impotent old man in order to establish the age-old practice of physical dominance of the male over the female. She develops a relation with a low-caste runaway boy but the villagers catch them in the act of love-making and they are brought before the Panchayat. Devaki is made to stand holding a heavy stone on her head, the severity of the punishment aimed at setting an example to other women. The villagers and the Panchayat decide to auction Devaki to the highest bidder and pay the money to the 70-year-old husband. Once again, another old man buys her.
The life of Nandini (Perizaad Zorabian) is more complicated. In protest against the feudal practices in Devaki's village, Nandini, an urban girl who has come to the village to work as an NGO activist trying to empower the village women through literacy and awareness, quits her job and goes back to the city. Soon, she finds out that in some respects urban life is no different to village life. Economically betrayed and physically used by her lover Rahul (Ram Kapur), she feels herself losing self-respect and betrayed and disillusioned by Rahul’s treatment of his pregnant wife, Sumana, and the lies he has been telling both women. She forces herself to end the illicit relationship and joins an advertising agency. But she is shocked to find out that her selfish father (George Baker), who had deserted the family many years ago, owns the agency. He doesn't seem to remember that he left behind a wife who is now in a mental asylum, still awaiting his return, and a daughter whom he doesn't recognize though she works for him. The ultimate betrayal comes when her father-boss advises her to satisfy his client sexually to clinch a deal and offers her 2% of the profit as a reward. She decides to sell herself to this lecherous old man, avenging her father's betrayal by sacrificing herself. Her vindication comes in the form of his shock when she eventually tells him the truth.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie charts the emotional journey of Arjun (Manoj Tiwari). A college student with dreams of becoming an IPS officer, Arjun is basically a son of the soil. One day, when he is coming back to his village on a vacation with his bosom friend Deepak, a car accident changes his life dramatically. Deepak, who is driving the car, happens to run over a villager, Shankar, who subsequently succumbs to his injuries. Arjun, however, insists on taking the blame on himself and surrenders to the police.
Even as he does this, he is aware that by doing so, he is not merely distancing himself from his dreams but also from his beloved Rajni (Sharbani Mukherjee). In his darkest hour, SP Kunal Singh (Ajay Devgan) enters his life like sunlight and obtains his conditional freedom. What also draws Arjun and Kunal close to each other is their distaste for the activities of the village bully, Veer Mongia.
Kunal inspires Arjun to fight Veer Mongia in the village election. How Kunal (Who is also in the guise of a dacoit, Kanhaiyya) manages to turn the tables on Veer Mongia and how Arjun finally escapes from the shadow of guilt, form the climax.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The movie opens in the Namib Desert. Mr. A (Hrithik Roshan) skydives onto a train that is carrying the Queen. He steals her crown by disguising himself as the Queen, beats her guards easily, and escapes.
Newly promoted officer Ali Khan (Uday Chopra) and Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan) are introduced to Shonali Bose (Bipasha Basu), a special officer assigned to investigate Mr. A's case, who also happens to be a former classmate of Jai. After the initial investigation, Dixit analyses the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists. He concludes that a theft will follow in one of two famous Mumbai city museums.
When Dixit realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be imperfect, he rushes to the other museum, where a disguised Mr. A steals a rare diamond and escapes. In a television channel, Mr. A challenges the police that he will steal an ancient warrior sword. In response, Dixit, Bose, and Khan enforce a strict guard at the location of the sword. At night, Mr. A meets a doppelgänger in the room that holds the sword. The police are alerted, but they manage to steal the sword and escape. The impersonator turns out to be Sunehri (Aishwarya Rai), a woman who idolises Mr. A; Sunehri convinces Mr. A to form an alliance.
In Rio de Janeiro, Mr. A and Sunehri plan their next heist. As Dixit's analysis has named Rio the location of Mr. A's next heist, Jai and Ali travel to the city. There they meet Monali (Bipasha Basu), Shonali's twin sister, and Ali immediately falls for her. Meanwhile, the relationship between Mr. A and Sunehri evolves into romance and he unveils his real identity, Aryan, to her. However, he sees Sunehri and Jai together and realizes that Sunehri has been working undercover for Jai. Aryan forces Sunehri to play a game of Russian roulette. Sunehri cries and refuses to shoot Aryan because she loves him, but Aryan forces her to play. After six attempted shots from the gun, neither is injured, because Aryan has not loaded the gun. Sunehri admits she betrayed Aryan and confesses her love for him. In their final heist, Aryan and Sunehri successfully steal some early Lydian coins while disguised as performing dwarfs. Sunehri indicates that she does not wish to remain allied with Jai, forcing Jai and Ali to go after them. After the chase, all of them end up on the top of a waterfall, where Ali catches Sunehri. Sunehri, despite conveying her feelings for Aryan, shoots him. Aryan falls from the waterfall, after which Jai allows Sunehri to go free.
After six months, it is revealed that Aryan has survived and now has opened a restaurant in the Fiji islands with Sunehri. Jai meets Aryan and Sunehri at the restaurant and states that despite their crimes, he does not wish to imprison the couple. Aryan shows him where all the stolen artifacts can be found. Jai is aware of the couple's feelings towards each other, but warns them against returning to their life of crime. Jai informs Ali that they should be heading back to India for their next case.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The illegal drug trade based in Kuala Lumpur is booming. A team headed by Deputy Commissioner of Police De Silva (Boman Irani) is sent to Kuala Lumpur to target the operations of Singhania (Rajesh Khattar) and capture Singhania's manager, "Don" (Shah Rukh Khan). Singhania is one of the two lieutenants of a deceased kingpin; the other is Vardhan, whose whereabouts are unknown.
After Don kills Ramesh (Diwakar Pundir), one of his close associates, Ramesh's fiancée Kamini (Kareena Kapoor) decides to help the police, but she is also killed. Planning to avenge her brother and his fiancée, Roma (Priyanka Chopra) infiltrates Don's gang. Don is injured and falls into a coma while trying to flee from the police. De Silva finds a look-alike named Vijay (Shah Rukh Khan) and asks him so the police can get close to Singhania. Vijay agrees when De Silva promises to admit Deepu (Tanay Chheda), a boy Vijay looks after, to a school in Kuala Lumpur. Meanwhile, Jasjit (Arjun Rampal), Deepu's father, just released from prison, plans to kill De Silva.
Vijay is admitted to hospital, where Dr. Ashok Gilwani gives him scars identical to Don's. When Don suddenly dies, the masquerade begins. Vijay, as Don, joins the gang in Kuala Lumpur. De Silva asks Vijay to find a computer disc containing details about the cartel and bring it to him. When Vijay finds it, Roma attempts to kill him, but De Silva tells her about his plan, and she agrees to help him. Vijay hands over the disc to De Silva. When De Silva murders Singhania, the police arrive and arrest Vijay. De Silva is killed in the shoot-out, which is unfortunate for Vijay because De Silva was the only person who could prove that he is not the real Don. Having discovered his true identity, Don's associates turn against Vijay, but he escapes and, to prove his innocence, tries to recover the disc.
Jasjit enters De Silva's apartment to wait for him and finds the disc. He receives a phone call saying that if he wants to see his son again, he will have to bring the disc to the men who are holding his son Deepu hostage. When he meets them, he learns that De Silva has been alive all along and is actually Vardhan, who was using Vijay to get close to his competitor. After Jasjit escapes with his son, he meets with Vijay and Roma and shares this information. They come up with a plan. Jasjit arranges a meeting with Vardhan, but the trio have informed the police. Vardhan is arrested, and Vijay is acquitted. Roma confesses her love for Vijay.
In a final twist, it is revealed that the real Don was alive all this time, and was pretending to be Vijay the whole time. While in the hospital, Don had recovered quickly from his injuries, and had overheard Vardhan/De Silva's conversation with Vijay. After Vijay's operation, Don had gotten up from the room at a moment when Vardhan and Dr. Ashok were absent and gone to the room where Vijay lay. He had switched places with Vijay and taken Vijay off life support, causing him to die. It is also revealed that the disc Don had given to the police was fake. Now, with both Vardhan and Singhania removed from his path, Don becomes the master of the entire Asian drug dealing ring.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Zeenat (Gul Panag) is an independent Muslim woman living in Himachal Pradesh. She agrees to marry Amir Khan, her boyfriend, despite his parents' reservations. After their marriage, her husband leaves for Saudi Arabia to begin employment.
Meera (Ayesha Takia), a simple Rajasthani Hindu woman, has everything in her life in accordance with customs and traditions: her formative years, her recent marriage into a traditional Rajasthani family and her daily chores within the walls of her haveli. Coincidentally, her husband, Shankar, is in Saudi Arabia, his new workplace. Meera finds it tough without her husband but they manage to stay in touch. Shankar regularly sends his wages home to support his family that includes his father, Randhir Singh (Girish Karnad), mother, Gowri Singh (Prateeksha Lonkar), his paternal grandmother (Uttara Baokar) and Meera. One day, Meera does not find the remittance from Shankar. Time passes and when there are neither any further remittances nor any correspondence from her husband, Meera gets worried. When frantic inquiries are made, she is devastated to know that Shankar was killed in a freak accident that was allegedly caused by his Muslim roommate.
When the news of Shankar's death reaches the Singh haveli, everyone turns somber and the ceremonies towards rendering her into a widow emotionally drains Meera. Her vivaciousness and exuberance are thrust behind her black veil. The rest of the family vents their frustration of losing their only bread-winner on Meera, by blaming her for bringing bad-luck to their family. Meera, being her respectful self, bears the insults silently.
On the other side, Zeenat hears that her husband has been arrested for murdering his roommate in Saudi Arabia. She is convinced that it must have been an accident, but the Saudi law is unforgiving and Amir is scheduled to be executed. An Indian officer explains to her that Saudi law permits release of a criminal if the wife of the deceased forgives the guilt. Armed only with a photograph of Shankar and Amir, Zeenat sets out to find Meera. On route, she meets a Behrupiya (Shreyas Talpade). The bahuroopiya introduces himself and his profession as being multi-faceted and multi-talented in arts and mimicry. This profession requires him to keep visiting different places to perform "tricks" for his income. He turns out to be a petty con-man when he hoodwinks Zeenat and steals her belongings. However, when Zeenat is in trouble, he returns to rescue her with his artistic talent. He reveals his sympathetic view when Zeenat details her plight; he offers to help her with whatever knowledge he has. After making a lot of educated guesses, they reach Jodhpur. With local help, they identify the Singh haveli. When Zeenat directly requests the Singh family to pardon Amir's mistake, their anger drives her away. She feels that maybe talking through and befriending Meera might help her cause. The bahuroopiya takes leave of Zeenat and wishes her the best for her efforts.
At a temple, which Meera visits as her daily ritual, Zeenat makes her first contact. Zeenat is too afraid to tell Meera the truth about the situation, and she does not reveal who she is or why she has come. Over a few weeks, they become good friends and spend most of the time together. Their friendship brings out the missing part in each of their personalities. In the process, Zeenat realizes helplessness; this is totally new to her forthright way of thinking. Meera, on the other hand, gets a glimpse of freedom; this brings her out of the shell of the traditions in her haveli and gives her a new perspective on her life.
In the meanwhile, the Singh haveli is under a debt to Chopra (Nagesh Kukunoor), a local factory owner. When Randhir requests him for more time to repay it, he is given an offer — pardoning the debt in exchange for Meera. Though initially set back by Chopra's offer, Randhir prefers the haveli to Meera.
When the news of the imminent death sentence arrives, Zeenat is compelled to tell the truth to Meera. Meera is shocked beyond belief to hear Zeenat's words. The fact that her friendship was based on false pretenses is what hurts her more. She immediately refuses to sign the maafinama (statement of forgiveness). She makes it clear that she wants to hurt her husband's murderer, even if it was an accident, because of how much she is hurting in her new, veiled life. She leaves for the haveli. Zeenat, initially, is deeply hurt from Meera's decision but eventually accepts it as fate and decides to leave for her hometown. Meera later has a change of heart, perhaps because of her disillusionment at Randhir's willingness to "sell" her to Chopra. She gets encouragement from her paternal grandmother and hurries towards the railway station, where she meets Zeenat and gives her the signed statement of forgiveness. Zeenat extends her hand from the train and Meera grabs it and climbs aboard, presumably running away from the only life she has ever known, as the train speeds up into the distance.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Viren Sahai (Amitabh Bachchan), is an underworld don based in Mumbai. His son Abhir (Sushant Singh) is spoilt and believes he can do anything due to his father's power. When Viren's rival Khan (Kader Khan) attacks Abhir, Viren demands revenge. Viren receives full proof information that Khan will be hidden at a local cinema theater on an particular date. The plot then moves onto the life of a simple cook, Shekhar Bhatia (Akshay Kumar) who is married to Dr. Kavita (Bhumika Chawla). Shekhar lives with his parents, wife and his younger brother Aryan (Aryeman Ramsay). When Aryan runs away from home, Shekhar searches the whole city to find him. During his search, he witnesses Viren attacking the cinema theater in which Khan is hidden, and decides to help the innocent people in the cinema.
Whilst helping the innocent, Shekhar finds Khan's nephew fatally wounded and tries to take him to the hospital. Viren witnesses this and mistakenly shoots Shekhar instead of Khan's nephew. Soon enough, Viren realizes his mistake and brutally murders Khan's nephew and flees the theater. Wounded Shekhar tries to return home however is accidentally hit by Viren's car, leading to his death. Aryan returns home and realizes Shekhar has been murdered. Together, Aryan and his group of friends form a gang and kidnap Viren's family including Abhir. However, Abhir escapes and reaches to his father. Aryan tries not to do harm to any of his family member as he knows how precious they are, though Viren's wife suddenly dies when Abhir accidentally shoots her which was targeted for Aryan. Viren believes Aryan is responsible for this, Aryan calls Viren to meet him at the same place where Viren killed Shekhar and also the police.But the police decide to help Viren, Aryan's plan fails.
Afterwards a changed Viren decides to end it all & surrender to the police.But the police comes out with the intention of killing him on behest of his own son Abhir.But Viren escapes by killing them. Khan enters, As Viren murders Khan, Abhir tries to shoot his father but instead Viren kills Abhir. Aryan leaves the scene, and as Viren demands Aryan to kill him now, Aryan ends the film on a note on karma, and explains his punishment is not death, but life as he has nothing to live for. In the end, Aryan becomes a cook like his late brother and him and his friends start to work in the same canteen Shekhar used to work in.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Zooni Ali Beg (Kajol) is a blind Kashmiri woman who travels for the first time with a dance group to New Delhi to perform in a ceremony for Republic Day. On her journey, she meets Rehan Qadri (Aamir Khan), a Casanova tour guide who flirts with her. Although her friends warn Zooni about him, she cannot resist falling in love. On her last night in Delhi, Rehan and Zooni spend the night together and end up in bed. As Zooni is leaving the next day on a train, Rehan comes in and takes her away with him. Her parents arrive in Delhi to marry them. Zooni has a procedure done that helps her see again, but when she comes out of surgery, she finds out that Rehan was killed in a bomb blast in the city, and is heartbroken. She is taken to the hospital mortuary, and told to identify his body. As Zooni cannot see anybody there, she is quickly made aware of the sweater that Rehan was wearing which she knitted for him covered in blood and soot.
Meanwhile, Malini Tyagi (Tabu) is a special intelligence agent brought in to assess the threat of the bomb blast and the group responsible, an independent organization fighting for an independent Kashmir known as IKF. She believes it is the work of one man who is helping IKF. It is revealed that the man is Rehan, who placed the bomb blast in motion, then faked his death so Zooni wouldn't come looking for him. He privately admits that he loves Zooni, but also concedes that he can never see her again because of his dangerous life.
Seven years later, Rehan is on an Indian army camp on another mission for the IKF. IKF has acquired a nuclear weapon but needs to get hold of the trigger, which is in the army's possession. Rehan manages to steal it, but Tyagi has figured out his plan and sends forces to stop him. In the ensuing shootout, Rehan is injured severely. He makes his way to a remote house looking for help. The door opens, and it turns out to be Zooni's house. It's also revealed that Zooni had given birth to Rehan's son after Rehan's supposed death. Zooni and her father manage to save Rehan, though neither knows his real identity. Though initially distant from them, Rehan develops an affection for his son and becomes friendly towards Zooni and her father.
Rehan eventually reveals his true identity to them. Initially hurt, Zooni refuses to let Rehan leave her again, and the two of them are married by her father. Tyagi has a report published about Rehan, warning the public that he is a dangerous terrorist. Zooni's father sees this report, and realizes that it's Rehan. He holds him at gunpoint, but Rehan thwarts him and manages to get the trigger back. In the process, though, he accidentally throws Zooni's father off a ledge, killing him. He radios the IKF from an army officer's house describing his position. However, the officer discovers Rehan, who then kills the officer.
Zooni finds her father's body later, and when she tries to tell Rehan, he covers. However, Zooni later sees the news report, and finds the trigger. She takes her son and the trigger, and goes to the officer's house. When she finds blood there, she radios for help, and gets in touch with Tyagi, who tells her to stop Rehan at any cost. Rehan arrives at the house the next day, and tries to convince Zooni to hand over the trigger. He takes it from her, saying the IKF will kill her and their son if he doesn't. Zooni, though, follows him outside and shoots him in the leg. Rehan draws his gun on Zooni, but can't bring himself to shoot her. Zooni shoots him again to stop him. Tyagi arrives and stops the IKF from shooting Zooni. Rehan dies in Zooni's arms.
Zooni and her son later visit the graves of both her father and Rehan, who are buried next to each other. When the son asks if his father was wrong, Zooni tells him that his father did what he thought was right. Both tell Rehan that they love him before leaving.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows four friends, Vicky (Zayed Khan), Karan (Dino Morea), Somil (Riteish Deshmukh) and Diklesh a.k.a. Diku (Aashish Chaudhary). The four love hanging out, late night partying and drinking booze. One night, they witness a physical brawl, and Vicky comes up with the idea of making a "Fight Club", in which the participants will be allowed to fight physically non-stop. When Mohit (Yash Tonk), a college youngster, enters the club and takes part in a fight, he ends up beating his opponent severely to critical condition. After being stopped by Vicky, Mohit attacks him, to which response Vicky throws him out of the club. Mohit then arrives with his friend Dinesh (Ashmit Patel) to get revenge, however Mohit gets once again beaten up, this time by the whole group.
Soon enough, Mohit is slyly murdered. The blame goes to Vicky and his friends, and Dinesh and his brother Sandy (Rahul Dev) find out about this, and plan to finish off all the group of the Fight Club owners. However, Fight Club is raided and then shut down by the police. Soon enough, Mohit's older brother, Anna (Sunil Shetty) finds out about this incident, and plans to backfire with his whole crew. In response, the four friends hire Vicky's former college rival Sameer (Sohail Khan) as a bouncer. Just then Vicky falls in love with Anu (Dia Mirza) Karan's younger sister and Karan falls in love with his neighbour Sonali (Amrita Arora). As the friends get a phone call they realize that Anna has captured Somil and Dikku as Karan and Sameer rush to save them as they are beaten by Sandy and Dinesh. Vicky comes in and saves his friends as it was revealed that Dinesh was the one who killed Mohit with his needle as Dinesh tries to kill Somil but Anna comes in to save him and kills Dinesh leaving Sandy devastated as Anna,Vicky,Sameer,Somil,Karan and Dikku go back to the bar to shut down the Fight Club.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Simran (Kangana Ranaut) drowns her misery in booze. Her one friend in Seoul is Aakash (Emraan Hashmi), a singer in an Indian restaurant.
Originally a bar dancer in Mumbai, India, Simran is the girlfriend of a notorious gangster, Daya (Shiney Ahuja). Five years ago, Daya's boss Khan (Gulshan Grover) ordered him to give Simran up. When Khan threatened Simran, Daya turned on him and Khan cut Daya loose from his gang.
She and Daya were forced to flee to Seoul. They took a small boy named Bittu with them. After an encounter with the Mumbai police, Bittu was killed, causing a strain in the couple's relationship and pushing Simran toward alcoholism. Leaving Simran alone in Seoul, Daya went to work in Mauritius and then Dubai.
Aakash tells Simran that he cares for her despite her past, and their relationship gradually develops from friendship to love. Daya, who is still in Dubai, suddenly comes to Seoul. When he learns of Simran's affair with Aakash, he attacks and severely beats him in a fit of rage and jealousy. Daya then professes his love for her and promises to reform and fulfill her dreams of a normal life; he also tells her that if she truly loves Aakash he will not hold her back. Before Simran can respond, the police arrive in pursuit of Daya and Simran. The two flee.
Daya gives up murdering innocents and begins working odd jobs, admitting to Simran that he has found peace in doing honest work. He says that he would like to return to his village in India with her, so that they might live there peacefully. To do so he would have to perform one last crime: fake passports for him and Simran.
Simran, who is longing for Aakash, soon discovers that she is pregnant with his child. When she tells Aakash, he meets her and tells her he would like to marry her, but they will never find peace as long as Daya is at large. He says that for the sake of their unborn child, Daya must be turned in to the police and only Simran can do this. Simran, who is still emotionally attached to Daya, refuses.
Meanwhile, Daya, who has gone to forge passports for himself and Simran, is intercepted by Khan, who reminds Daya of what had occurred between them years before and says that he intends to make an example of Daya for abandoning the gang. Khan and his men severely beat and wound Daya, who is eventually able to fight back and kills Khan. He then calls Simran, warning her that the police are after them and asking her to meet him outside a Seoul train station that night.
Simran arrives at the appointed time to find Daya badly injured from his fight with Khan. He manages to crawl to Simran and takes out a box of sindoor for her. But just as he reaches and embraces her, they are surrounded by police cars. Daya realises that Simran informed the police; heartbroken and screaming, he is hauled away. Simran remains at the station until morning and then goes to meet Aakash, whom she finds is not at home. She is soon informed that he is at the Indian embassy.
When she reaches the embassy, she enters a room full of reporters and sees a large screen showing a video of her telling Aakash about her relationship with Daya. She is thunderstruck when she sees that the one addressing the media is none other than Aakash, who is actually an undercover Indian detective hired to capture Daya. Realizing that Aakash befriended and wooed her solely to discover Daya's whereabouts, she explodes in fury in front of the media; Aakash holds her back and slaps her across the face. He tells her that he never cared for her and that his involvement with her was only a part of his duty to end organised crime and bring justice to his country. Enraged, Simran tries to attack him, but she is stopped by security. While she is being hauled away, she yells that to spread justice Aakash and his colleagues have done her an injustice and that Daya, who has never betrayed anyone, is not the gangster but Aakash and his men are. She reminds Aakash that he has betrayed the woman who is carrying his child and that he will regret his actions.
Daya, who has been arrested and taken to jail, sends Simran a letter saying that he does not blame her for what she did and that she is the one who has been betrayed; he admits that he has done many cruel and bad things but that, thanks to her, he now knows what it is like to live an honest life. He encloses her fake passport and, stating his love for her, writes that he would feel better knowing that she is living safely in India. After reading Daya's letter, Simran is left pained and guilty.
Months later, Daya admits and pleads guilty to his crimes. He is tried and sentenced to death. Simran goes to meet him in prison and asks him to forgive her; they share an emotional goodbye before Daya is taken away by guards. She later goes to Aakash's residence and, forcefully entering his house with a gun, shoots and fatally injures him. Before he lapses into unconsciousness, Aakash shoots her in the shoulder and they are found and taken to a hospital.
Aakash dies in the hospital while Simran is transferred to the I.C.U. At dawn she escapes to the roof, where she commits suicide by jumping off the roof. At the same time, Daya is hanged. Simran is shown falling through the air. Before she reaches the ground we see her standing in a meadow and gazing at Daya, who is holding Bittu. Smiling, they hold out their arms to her; she happily runs toward them, and they embrace in the heaven.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The storyline was inspired from the 2001 Malayalam film Kakkakuyil. The story revolves around the lives of Gopal (Ajay Devgn), Lucky (Tusshar Kapoor), Madhav (Arshad Warsi) and Laxman (Sharman Joshi) (hence the name GoLMaL).
Laxman is an intelligent student who is diverted from doing well in college by his mischievous band of friends Gopal, Madhav, and Lucky. Lucky is a mute in the movie. The three friends use Laxman's hostel room for their mischievous activities. Laxman is peer pressured into running a series of scams to earn himself and his friends some money and is punished by being thrown out of college. The naughty foursome then finds refuge in the bungalow of a blind couple, Somnath (Paresh Rawal) and Mangala (Sushmita Mukherjee), who are waiting for their grandson, Sameer, to inherit his paternal grandparents' treasure chest hidden in the old couple's house. Gopal pretends to be Sameer returning from America, and enters the house, while the other three friends sneak in hidden, even though the real Sameer, along with his parents, were killed in a car crash after his father and mother angrily left with him for India to meet his grandparents; Sameer's father's parents, after learning that Somnath and Mangala were permanently blinded in a lethal accident. Somnath goes to America and lights the pyres of his son, daughter-in-law and grandson, the ashes of whom he later kept in an urn, as per the Hindu tradition.
A cat-and-mouse game unfolds as Laxman's body and Gopal's voice make up Sameer. Each time the blind Dadaji comes amidst them, hilarious situations arise. Enter Nirali (Rimi Sen), the saucy girl-next-door, and the group now have time, place and 'resources' to fall in love. Their individual efforts at winning the lady's heart fail. Apart from their amorous interests, there is a quest for the chest. There is also a gangster named Babli who wants to steal the chest from the couple's bungalow. All his attempts are unintentionally and unknowingly thwarted by the foursome.
By the end of the film, Somnath reveals about Sameer's death to Laxman, Gopal, Madhav and Lucky after the foursome find the chest hidden behind an old painting in the house, despite Laxman pleading not to open the chest. Mangala is shocked to hear the stories, breaks into tears and condemns her husband for lying to her all those years and not allowing her to cradle her grandson or light the pyres, and she also condemns the foursome for tricking her and hurting her feelings. Babli then arrives with his gang and later reveals that he hid the diamonds in the urn Somnath was carrying his grand returned to India and arrived at an airport. Panducharang, an assassin previously sent by Babli as an undercover servant later joins Gopal's team and fights the gangsters off, with the fight finally ending with Gopal being accidentally stabbed by Babli in his behind with a knife, falling unconscious soon after, but not before warning Madhav, Lucky and Laxman to not touch the knife, leaving the three friends in laughter. Babli also falls unconscious after seeing blood flowing from Gopal's behind.
After being admitted to a hospital, Gopal finally has the knife removed, and Babli is arrested for his crimes. Laxman, Gopal, Madhav and Lucky are then rewarded with ten percent of the original value of the diamonds for arresting Babli. Nirali then chooses Lucky as her husband-to-be, saying that she found true love and loyalty in him and him alone, leaving the remaining three disappointed.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Aditya (Akshay Kumar), an automobile engineer, is passionate about cars. Not only is he an engineer, he is also a test driver for the company. He is engaged to marry Sonia (Bipasha Basu), a budding fashion designer. Aditya and Sonia are not on the same wavelength; while he is a traditionalist, she is an ultra-modern woman for whom career comes first. Much as Aditya tries to overlook these facts, they keep coming in the way of their relationship. Nevertheless, their wedding date is fixed and their families are preparing for the event.
Meanwhile, Aditya is sent by his employer to Canada to learn about a new car model to be launched in India. Sonia also leaves at the same time for Paris in connection with a fashion show. Aditya arrives in Canada and is received by his sister Simran (Bhagyashree), her husband Robby (Mahesh Thakur) and their son, who all live in Canada. Destiny makes Aditya continually bump into Jia (Katrina Kaif), daughter of business tycoon Yashwardhan Birla, and fiancée of the business magnate Karan Oberoi (Anil Kapoor). She has come to Canada all by herself to shop for her wedding. Despite her family's great wealth, she is a simple girl with a thirst for true love. She had everything she could ask for in her childhood but never time from her ever-so-busy father. Now, the man her father has chosen for her hardly has any time for her either. She finds a friend in Aditya, and as the two spend time together, their friendship grows.
Aditya gets a chance from the company to participate in a car rally. He persuades Jia to participate with him and they win. On returning from the rally, their car gets stuck in the snow and they have to spend the night together. They share intimate moments, which makes them forget that they are engaged to other people. Soon, they realize they are falling in love. When Jia tells Aditya that she believes her father is responsible for her mother's death, Aditya tells this to his best friend and roommate, Nawab. On a drunken night, Nawab tells his other friend, who is a reporter. The reporter then publishes this in the newspaper. Jia is extremely hurt, and returns to India to marry Karan. Aditya also returns to India to get married to Sonia, and does not attempt to meet Jia.
Sonia turns out to be the designer for Jia's wedding. Mr Oberoi invites Sonia (as the wedding designer) and Aditya (as her fiancé) to attend his wedding, and Sonia persuades a reluctant Aditya to attend. Jia's friend and Karan's secretary, Jenny, bumps into Nawab, who reveals that it was his fault that Jia's secret suspicion was published in the papers. But it is too late — the wedding ceremony is over and Jia and Karan are married. Jia then goes to meet Aditya to apolgize. They confess their love for each other, but agree never to meet again. However, Karan catches them talking, and questions Jia. She claims that she truly loves Karan and that Aditya is just a good friend.
When Aditya leaves the wedding, he finds an upside-down car on the road, and it turns out that Jia has had an accident and is trapped under the car. As petrol leaks, Aditya goes into the car to help Jia. The car catches fire, just as Aditya manages to free her. He helps her out of the car, while the press and public gather around. He accompanies Jia to Karan, telling him that Jia only belongs to him. However, Karan has a change of heart and pulls Jia's mangalsutra off, telling her to marry Aditya. Aditya's engagement with Sonia is also broken, and he and Jia hug, finally united.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Durga (Amisha Patel) is a beautiful blind woman with a talent for shaping pottery. She is poor and lives with her widowed mother in a simple home. She crosses paths with Rohit, (Arjun Rampal) who saves her life when she is about to fall over a cliff. The pair spend time together and fall in love. At one point, Durga creates a clay bust of Rohit but weeps because she cannot see it. Rohit tells her that he will find a way to help her see again.
When Durga's mother is killed due to the actions of another suitor, Rohit promises to marry her so that he can take care of her. He takes her to a hospital where she will have surgery to regain her sight. While she is recovering (before the bandages are removed), Rohit leaves to prepare their new home. The jealous suitor steps in and apparently kills Rohit.
Upon receiving news of Rohit's death, Durga goes into depression. Dr. Prasad, who performed the surgery, takes her in as his own adopted daughter. As part of his plan to help her recover, he takes her to Switzerland. There she meets Raj (Bobby Deol), a businessman who falls in love with her. He, too, is grieving a dead friend and recognizes that Durga is also lonely. Through persistence and kindness, Durga finally accepts Raj's marriage proposal. Unknown to both, Durga's first love and Raj's dead friend are the same man, Rohit.
On the day of Raj and Durga's engagement, Raj is told that Rohit is alive and in a reclusive hospital where he has been in a coma for six months. Raj is reunited with Rohit, and they return to the house in time for the engagement celebrations. Rohit is shocked to discover that Raj's fiancee is his beloved Durga, but keeps this a secret.
Raj introduces Rohit to Durga, but Rohit purposely doesn't speak in front of her so as to avoid her recognizing his voice. Durga later overhears Rohit speak, recognizes his voice, and confronts him, wanting to be sure whether Rohit is really the man she loved. Rohit denies it, but Durga is not convinced. She calls Dr. Prasad, as he had met Rohit before Durga underwent surgery. The doctor tells her that Rohit is not her long lost love, but it turns out that the doctor was just following Rohit's instructions to lie to her. Durga finally accepts this and does not question Rohit anymore.
One night, the lights go out in Raj's home, and Durga and Rohit accidentally bump into each other. In the dark, Durga's hand goes up to feel Rohit's face, which she recognizes. Rohit flees, and Durga blindfolds herself and recreates the clay bust of her love, relying on memory alone. When it's completed, she looks at it and realizes that Rohit is the person she loves. Rohit confronts her, asking her whether it would be right to destroy Raj's happiness after all that he has been through. Durga reluctantly agrees that she cannot leave Raj, and they decide to keep the secret.
On the day of the wedding ceremony, Raj publicly confronts the pair, apparently in anger. He accuses Rohit of trying to steal Durga away from him. Rohit quietly accepts the accusation. However, Durga cannot remain silent and speaks up for her lover, exposing the truth of their past. It is then revealed that Raj's angry behavior was a ruse to make them reveal the truth. He gladly steps aside to reunite the lovers so they may be married, sharing their happiness as his own.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Born to East Indian parents, Rashmi Mehra(Shilpa Anand) lives a wealthy and care-free life in England, often overspends money, leading her dad to question her closely. On one such occasion, she manages to convince him that she can earn as much as £5000 in one month. He accepts her challenge and she sets out to find work.
She soon finds out that it is not easy to get any job, especially without using her dad's name & any job skills. She does manage to convince the owner of 'Suno' FM Radio to let her con a young man in falling in love with her, while she ditches him on a reality show.
The young man, Rashmi has in mind is Raj(Amarjeet Shukla), who also uses the alias of CBI Officer R.B. Mathur, who has come all the way from India to nab a gang of drug-dealers. She will soon find out that Raj, too, has an agenda in falling for her, as he wants to convince his to-be father-in-law, Talwar, that he is married, and Rashmi is his fresh-from-India bride. Things get complicated when the underworld get word of original R.B. Mathur(Arbaaz Khan) and kidnaps Rashmi mistaken as his bride.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Raj Jaiswal (Arjun Rampal) is the TV host of his own talk show, British Raj and a notorious womanizer. He promises every woman he flirts with to marry her, however, secretly, he has sworn to stay a bachelor forever. One day, he meets a mysterious woman, Shivani Dutt (Vipasha Agarwal) on his balcony who claims that his apartment is actually hers. Raj is instantly smitten with her. However, it turns out that he is the only one who can see her and touch her. To everyone else it seems as if he talks to himself and is slowly going mental. His friends tell Raj to let go, but Raj refuses, as he has fallen in love with the ghost woman. He finds out that Shivani is actually lying in a hospital in a coma, and her life support is about to be cut off. Raj decides to save her and brings her comatose body to his apartment to look after it. Shivani's doctor wants to kill her as she has witnessed an illegal operation where a kidney was removed and the doctor wants to save himself. Shivani finally admits that she has fallen in love with Raj, but Inspector Smith is on his trail and finally finds out what happened to Shivani's body - and also discovers the doctor's organ trafficking. Soon afterwards, Shivani awakens from her coma and doesn't remember Raj or the time she has spent with him as a ghost at all. Raj, disappointed, leaves her at the hospital and decides to get to know her anew: he finds her at a restaurant and introduces himself.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Suhaan (Salman Khan) and Piya (Preity Zinta) fell in love in college and eloped. However, he has to keep his marriage a secret in order to further his career as a movie star and, when his career hits a low, he returns home to find out that she has left him. She does not answer his calls or letters, and he soon receives divorce papers in the mail.
The film begins when Suhaan receives a notice saying his ex-wife Piya, who has settled in New York, wants a divorce settlement of 5 million rupees, since he failed to make his alimony payments due to his poor financial condition. Suhaan appeals to his uncle Boney (Anupam Kher), a midget lawyer, for help. As they try to figure out a solution, Agastya Rao (Akshay Kumar) lands at their doorstep searching for Piya. He reveals to them that he fell in love with Piya during his college days but could not express his love to her because she was in love with someone else, unaware that the person he lost her to was Suhaan. Piya had ignored Agastya then, a nerd, a nobody, and even broke his heart by blowing him off to be with Suhaan at a concert that Agastya had taken her to. A heartbroken Agastya left the college as a result and eventually wound up in Houston working for NASA.
Suhaan and Boney hatch a plan to get Agastya and Piya together, so that Suhaan need not pay alimony to Piya and Agastya gets the girl of his dreams. Suhaan accompanies Agastya to New York City to help Agastya win Piya over. They rent an apartment opposite Piya's and watch her every move, literally, using telescopes, binoculars, and surveillance techniques. Using a headset, Suhaan feeds Agastya lines to woo Piya with and eventually succeeds in getting Piya and Agastya together.
One night, Suhaan finds out Piya has a baby girl, Suhaan's daughter. He realises that she left him since she did not want her and the baby to ruin Suhaan's film career. Suhaan realises his mistake and tries to make amends and start a new life with Piya and his daughter, Suhani. Unfortunately, before he can act, Piya gets engaged to Agastya.
It later emerges that Piya's brother, Vishal, had been hiding letters that Suhaan wrote to her and was responsible for initiating the divorce process. Agastya realises Piya is still in love with Suhaan and not him; so he reveals the truth and tells her to be with Suhaan. Piya flies back to India where Suhaan is trying to find work as a small-time actor. They express their mutual love, reuniting their broken family.
A few years later, Agastya is on a NASA space shuttle and initiates a video conference with Suhaan and Piya (on Suhaan's Birthday). He introduces them to his new girlfriend who looks strikingly similar to Piya, Preity Zintakova (Preity Zinta).
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mann Kapoor (Emraan Hashmi), is an aspiring singer living a middle-class lifestyle in India. He is however unsuccessful in finding any recording labels to back his aspirations. He wants to secure a contract with Umesh Jumani (Tiku Talsania), who is the Managing Director of a recording company, and in order to do this he sets his sights on wooing Umesh's attractive daughter, Radha (Hrishitaa Bhatt). He succeeds in getting her to fall in love with him, and proposes marriage to her, thereby securing a contract with Umesh's company to record an album. He is all set to marry Radha, and finally sees his dream of being a successful singer within his grasp.
With his impending marriage in sight, his friends arrange for a bachelor party in the province of Goa, a scenic beach area in India. While partying with all of them he happens to meet, and fall head over heels in love with a girl named Roma Fernandes (Celina Jaitley) who co-incidentally, also Is an aspiring singer and dancer. Roma reciprocates his feelings, but is heart-broken upon learning that e is engaged and soon will be marrying Radha. Torn between his love for Roma and the commitment he made with Radha, a lovelorn Mann returns home from Goa, not knowing that his life is about to be turned upside down once Radha and Umesh find out about his dalliance with Roma. In the midst of all this upheaval, things are complicated further when he has a confrontation with an underworld don, Chappu Bhai (Mahesh Manjrekar), who wants Mann to honour his feelings toward Roma, and intends to make sure that he marries her and not Radha, no matter the consequence.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Based on actual events, the film tells the story of an innocent girl named Jigyaasa Mathur (Hrishitaa Bhatt) who comes from a middle-class family, the daughter of a school teacher named Malini Mathur (Varsha Usgaonkar). Malini is a woman with principles and emotions. Jigyaasa wants to become a film actress and her mother has no objections about it. But Jigyaasa has some other plans. Jigyaasa will go to any limits to reach her goal. Within a timespan of five years, Jigyaasa reaches the top and becomes India's highest paid superstar.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Suhel Khan (John Abraham) and Jai Kapoor (Arshad Warsi) are Indian journalists working for Star News who are sent into Afghanistan to create a report on what life is like in the country following the US Invasion of the country in September 2001. The two are shocked at the state of the country and the ruins that remain due to years of rule by the Taliban Regime. They take a tour of the country in a Taxi starting in Kabul. This follows an escape from capture by the Taliban.
On the way, they stop in the village of Ishtar along with the Taxi Driver Khyber (Hanif Humghum) who has watched his country fall apart over the decades. They stop in a small cafe selling Kebabs where they meet American Muslim Journalist Jessica Beckham (Linda Arsenio) who is working for Reuters in reporting on the US side of the War in Afghanistan. Suhel and Jai then invite Jessica to join them on their tour of the country which she does. However, shortly after leaving Ishtar, they are caught by Taliban official Imran Khan (Salman Shahid) who has hitched a ride at the back of the Taxi in disguise as an Afghan woman. Imran demands they listen to him and travel straight to the Afghan border with Pakistan or he promises they will be killed. Imran is attempting to cross the border, get past Pakistani troops and negotiate with his Taliban associates in Pakistan.
The four of them (Suhel, Jai, Jessica, Imran and Khyber) travel through various villages where they see horrific sights of poverty before reaching the southern city of Kandahar where Jessica gets the chance to interview US troops who are fighting to re-gain control of the city from the Taliban who occupy the area. In the meantime, Suhel and Jai attempt to interview Imran yet are unsuccessful when Imran threatens to shoot them. Once leaving Kandahar they travel through a farm and manage to capture a bull fight on film before stopping off at a stream coming closer to the Pakistan border. While Imran and the rest are out exploring, Jessica discovers Imran's passport as a Pakistani passport. She discovers that he is not a Taliban, but in fact a member of the Pakistani army named Wassim Chaudrey sent to Afghanistan to support the Mujahadeen rebels in their war against the USSR back in the 1980s before he settled down in the country as a member of the Taliban Regime. When Imran discovers the break-in, he takes Suhel, Khyber and Jessica hostage and forces them to continue the journey to the Pakistan border. At one point, Imran abandons them for hours when he hears a noise. Gunshots are fired and the three travellers discover Imran to have 10 US soldiers who attempted to kill him. With Imran distracted, Suhel grabs a gun from one of the soldiers and points it at Imran threatening to kill him if he doesn't answer him in his interview. They leave Imran at the side of the road and start their journey back to Kabul. However they stopped in their path when Imran manages to leap onto the Taxi and demands they continue their journey to the border. They soon arrive at the border where Imran bids them farewell. On the way they stop at the village where Imran lived and Imran meets his long lost wife and daughter Zoya. But before Imran can reach anywhere he and the rest of them are attacked by the Mujahideen. Imran tells Suhel, Jessica, Khyber and Jai to go while he uses his fighting skills to fight them off. Imran later travels on his own to the border and tries to persuade Pakistani troops to allow him entry into the country and that he is a Pakistani. However they do not listen and Imran is shot on the border by the troops.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Maya (Rani Mukerji) is an orphan who is to marry her closest childhood friend Rishi Talwar (Abhishek Bachchan). The two have been raised by Rishi's fun-loving father Samarjit a.k.a. Sam (Amitabh Bachchan). Dev Saran (Shah Rukh Khan) is a successful soccer player in the United States. He lives in New York with his wife Rhea (Preity Zinta), a fashion magazine editor, his young son Arjun (Ahsaas Channa) and his mother Kamaljit a.k.a. Kamal (Kirron Kher). Dev encounters Maya moments before she is to marry Rishi, and the two have a deep conversation about love, life and happiness. Although Dev and Maya are strangers, they connect instantly. When Dev bids Maya goodbye, she tells him they should never say goodbye because it kills the possibility of meeting again. Moments after they part, Dev is hit by a car and permanently injures his leg; as a result, he is no longer able to play soccer.
Four years later, Dev is now extremely bitter because of his inability to play soccer and because of Rhea's successful career which makes him feel inferior to her. Maya too is in a similar situation. She has found that she is infertile and does not feel any love towards Rishi because she believes he is selfish. The two couples meet and become friends. When Dev and Maya witness Sam and Kamal embracing at a flower shop, they confront them about it. Sam and Kamal explain that both having lost their spouses, they understand each other better than the others as both of them are in similar situations and have decided to help one another through their loneliness by means of friendship. Dev and Maya notice each other's marriages failing miserably, and taking into account what Sam and Kamal said, they decide that they need to help each other save their marriages. They meet every day for coffee and discuss their situations and advise each other in understanding their respective spouses better. Eventually, Dev and Maya decide to take a break from the stress of their respective relationships and spend some quality time together. In doing so, they find themselves drawn to one another.
Dev and Maya arrange a dinner for their respective spouses on the occasion of their wedding anniversaries so as to salvage their respective marriages to some extent. After returning home from the dinner, both couples have an argument. Rhea accuses Dev of being jealous of her professional success and also makes Dev realize his failure in being a good father to their son. Rishi expresses frustration at the lack of affection that Maya has shown towards him and he resents Maya's inability to have children. Upset and misty-eyed, Maya arrives at the train station and finds Dev, who after a confrontation finally confesses that he has fallen in love with Maya, and so has she.
Sam and Kamal, after noticing the failing marriages of their respective children, set up Rhea and Rishi into talking to each other about their marriages. Rhea and Rishi realize they need to stop arguing with their spouses and reach out to them. For a while, both marriages seem to be fine; however, Dev and Maya begin an affair, as they are happier with each other than with their respective spouses. The two couples attend a ballet show, where Dev and Maya try making each other jealous by showing affection to their partners. The next day, they realize that they have been playing with their spouses' feelings but nevertheless give in to their love and cross the forbidden limit by sleeping together.
Sam invites the Sarans to dinner to celebrate Kamal's birthday. Here, after a conversation on love, marriage and fidelity, Dev 'jokingly' admits he loves Maya; Sam is the only one who realizes that Dev was being serious. The next day, Dev and Maya are caught in an embrace outside the train station by Sam and Kamal. Sam has a heart attack; on his deathbed, he advises Maya to leave Rishi, as neither of them is happy in the relationship and never will be. He also advises her that by being together in a loveless marriage, she was depriving Rishi and herself of true love and happiness in life. After Sam's death, Dev and Maya decide they must end their relationship and go back to their respective spouses, but first they must tell them the truth first about their extramarital affair; as lying to their spouses would never give them peace and happiness. Shocked and heart-broken, Rhea and Rishi decide they have had enough and divorce their spouses. Dev and Maya lie to each other and say that they have managed to sort things out with their spouses, believing they'll never meet again.
Three years have passed since their last encounter with each other. Dev and Maya now live alone miserably and have not seen each other. Rishi visits Maya and says that he has fallen in love again and is remarrying, and wants Maya to be his best man, to which she agrees. Rhea, having also been invited, arrives at Rishi's wedding with her boss Jay (Arjun Rampal in a cameo), whom she is now dating. Rhea learns that Rishi and Maya are divorced – Rishi learns the same about Dev and Rhea. Rhea, after confronting Maya tells her that she had left Dev as soon as she came to know of his affair with her and that she had forgiven Maya. Maya is encouraged by Rishi and Rhea to stop Dev, who is leaving for Toronto by train, as they have both moved on and believe Maya should also find her true love and happiness. At the train station, Dev sees Maya but tries to avoid her, believing she is still with Rishi. However, Maya finds him just as the train leaves. Maya, disappointed and heart-broken, leaves the train station. Dev, having seen Maya's teary eyes, pulls the emergency stop and arrives back at the station. He makes it back before Maya leaves the train station. He calls out to Maya and both of them are glad to see each other after three years. He learns that Maya has also been divorced and was living alone in these three years. They finally find happiness with their true love and decide to start a new life together. At the end, Dev narrates that love should be the only foundation of marriage but it shouldn't be at the expense of hurting others.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Kamal Kishore Khosla (Anupam Kher) is a middle-class man living in New Delhi. He is a simple man with simple tastes. The film begins with a dream sequence where Khosla sees his death, the irony being that nobody really cares about his demise; instead his children and neighbours are more occupied with banal small talk. Waking up from this nightmare, Khosla goes to visit a site where he has purchased a plot of land to build a house. He is accompanied by his family — wife, elder son Chirauonji Lal a.k.a. Cherry (Parvin Dabas) (who does not like his name and wishes to change it), younger son Balwant a.k.a. Bunty (Ranvir Shorey), and his daughter. Kamal Kishore has invested all of his savings (Rs.3 million) into buying the plot; Cherry is not too interested in his father's future plans of settling together in the new house. He is a software engineer and, although a source of pride for his father, he finds his current lifestyle too drab and has planned to shift to the US by taking up a job there. However, he has not let his family in on his plans. The only person Cherry discusses his plan with are Asif Iqbal (Vinay Pathak), the agent helping him with his passport and visa paperwork. Much later, he shares this with his close friend Meghna (Tara Sharma) — who has a very visible romantic interest in him (one which he does not seem to fully realise) — she, however, feels hurt and angered by his choice to desert her and his family.
Just when Cherry reveals his migration plans to his family, who are all disturbed by it, during a routine family visit to their land, they find the plot encroached upon by someone. Probing further reveals that the squatters are part of a property usurping nexus headed by the corrupt and powerful Kishan Khurana (Boman Irani). Upon being urged so by the property dealer who had facilitated the purchase of the plot, Kamal Kishore and Bunty visit Khurana. Khurana places before them, a demand for Rs.1.5 million to vacate the plot, an amount which Khosla neither has nor agrees to pay. Kamal Kishore appeals to authorities and agencies, including the police, lawyers, political parties, NGOs and social activists for help. None of them offers more than to get the amount demanded by Khurana reduced by a few lacs, in exchange for a hefty commission for mediating, of course.
Spurred by his father's helplessness, Bunty gets help from a gang of local strongmen (pahalwans) who demolish the boundary walls built by Khurana's men and take possession of the plot back by force. This success is short-lived as the corrupt Khurana has the police in his pocket and Kamal Kishore is arrested on trumped up charges of trespass. Released at Khurana's guileful behest after spending a day in the jail, Khosla's will is broken and pride battered. After the catastrophic event Khosla tells his family (especially Cherry) to avoid taking any further action as he is not capable of fighting back and wants Cherry to concentrate on the job that he's arranging abroad. Cherry discusses the grim situation with Asif Iqbal who is revealed to have been an old partner of Khurana's and who has been cheated by him, usurping Asif's own ancestral land. Asif offers to help the Khoslas with a group of Meghna's friends, and they set up a plan to deceive Khurana. They portray a land (owned by the fisheries department, but which has been vacant since decades) as their own, and seek help of Meghna's mentor, Bapu (Navin Nischol) to portray himself as the owner of the land, who is looking for a buyer. The deal is almost finalised, and Khurana requests to visit the land. With the help of the rest of the theatre group, they manage to create a situation which makes Khurana believe of the authenticity of the land and its owner. They successfully turn the tables on Khurana, and dupe him of Rs 3.5 million in cash. From that money, Kamal Kishore pays the ransom 1.2 million to Khurana and gets possession of his plot back, and the remaining cash is divided equally between Asif and the theatre group.
The turmoil suffered throughout by the family and the victory of their efforts stirs emotions that bring Cherry close to Meghna and his family. Cherry scraps his plans of migrating to the US, marries Meghna and settles with his family in their new abode built on their plot. As an additional favour, his father allows him to change his name from Chironji Lal to Chirag. As for Khurana, he is left looking bitter, having finally tasted his own medicine.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Five-year-old Krishna Mehra undergoes an intelligence quotient test by a professor, who suspects that he has superpowers. His grandmother Sonia (Rekha) takes the young Krishna to a remote mountain village to conceal his unique abilities. Years later, Krishna (Hrithik Roshan) meets Priya (Priyanka Chopra) and her friend Honey (Manini Mishra) when Krishna's friend Bahadur (Hemant Pandey) takes the girls' camping crew near his home to camp. Krishna saves Priya from a hang glider accident and falls in love with her when spending time with her.
After returning home to Singapore, Priya and Honey are fired by their boss (Archana Puran Singh) for taking a non-permitted extension of 5-days in their vacation. In order to keep their jobs, Honey suggests her boss making a television program about Krishna. Aware of Krishna's love towards her, Priya calls him to join her in Singapore to ask her mother permission to marry her. Krishna's grandmother objects to this, saying that people will want to take advantage of his abilities. She then explains that his father Rohit was hired by Dr. Siddhant Arya (Naseeruddin Shah) to design a computer that could see the future in order to prevent wars and help prepare against natural disasters. However, Rohit later found out that the purpose of the computer was not for good and he destroyed the machine. Rohit reportedly died in a laboratory accident that night, with Krishna's mother dying of a broken heart shortly thereafter. Krishna promises his grandmother that he will never reveal his powers, so she permits him to go. In Singapore, during the program's production, Krishna keeps his word and reveals nothing exceptional about himself much to the disappointment of Honey and Priya, who get fired again.
Krishna later meets with kristian Li (Bin Xia), who attempts to raise funds to pay for his young sister's leg surgery. He invites Krishna and Priya to the Great Bombay Circus, where fire breaks out during the performance. Several children remain trapped in the blaze, and Krishna gets faced with the dilemma of saving the children without revealing his abilities. He dons a broken black mask and puts his jacket on inside-out, creating the persona of Krrish. Later, when Kristian Li sees Krrish fighting some goons and removing his mask, he discovers his friend Krishna as Krrish. As Krrish is being offered a reward for his deeds, Krishna asks Kristian to assume the identity, so that he can pay for his sister's surgery.
Meanwhile, Priya also comes to know that Krishna is Krrish when she sees the footage from her video camera. She and Honey decide to release the footage on TV to make Krishna a star. Krishna arrives and overhears them talking about how Priya had lied to him, and how they will reveal his identity. Just before Priya confesses to Honey that she has genuinely fallen in love with Krishna, he leaves, dejected.
After being confronted by Krishna at his hotel about what she said, Priya realises her mistake and stops her boss from revealing Krrish's identity. She then meets Vikram Sinha (Sharat Saxena), who has been searching for Krishna for years. He informs them that Krishna's father Rohit is still alive, and that after completing the machine, he and Rohit tested it and saw Siddhant holding a gun to Rohit's head. Rohit understood that Siddhant was going to kill him and then use the machine for his own selfish needs. He was able to destroy the machine, before being taken prisoner by Siddhant.
Meanwhile, in the present timeline, Siddhant has rebuilt the computer after many years. He uses it to reveal his future and sees Krrish killing him. Siddhant then kills Kristian, thinking that he is Krrish. Krishna later follows Siddhant to his island lair. When Siddhant looks into the future again, he sees the same thing, and is shocked to see Krrish still alive and on his island.
When Krrish enters the compound, there is a vicious fight with Siddhant's thugs. Krrish eventually defeats them and saves Priya and Rohit. However Vikram gets shot in the head by Siddhant. In the final scene, Krrish wounds Siddhant fatally. Before he dies, Siddhant asks Krrish who he is, and Krishna reveals himself. After revealing to Rohit that he is his son, Krishna takes Priya and his father back to India, reuniting him with Sonia. Rohit then uses his father's special computer to call Jadoo, whose spaceship can be seen from a distance.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Murli Prasad Sharma alias Munna Bhai (Sanjay Dutt), a gangster who is in love with the voice of Janhavi (Vidya Balan), a radio jockey, devises a plan to meet her when she announces a quiz contest featuring the life and beliefs of Mahatma Gandhi, to be aired on 2 October, the birthday of Gandhi. To prepare for the contest, Munna's sidekick Circuit (Arshad Warsi) kidnaps and bribes a group of professors to provide the answers for Munna. After winning the contest, Munna is granted an interview with Janhavi wherein he presents himself as a professor of history and a Gandhi specialist. Janhavi subsequently asks Munna to present a lecture on Gandhi to a community of senior citizens who live in her home, called the 'Second Innings House.' To prepare for this event, Munna engages in intense study at a Gandhi institute. For three days and nights (and without food or sleep), Munna reads about the life and ideologies of Gandhi.
It is during this period that the image of Gandhi (Dilip Prabhavalkar), addressed by his nickname "Bapu" ("father"), appears and offers help and advice to Munna. Gandhi encourages Munna to tell the truth about himself to Janhavi, but Munna resists this advice. With Gandhi's help, Munna succeeds in impressing Jahnavi and cultivates a new lifestyle based upon Gandhism. Munna starts to co-host a radio-show with Janhavi and Gandhi's image, guiding his audience to use Gandhigiri to solve everyday problems.
The film has several subplots. One of the most prominent of these details the story of Lucky Singh (Boman Irani) and his daughter Simran (Dia Mirza). Lucky is an unscrupulous businessman who employs Circuit and Munna Bhai to conduct underworld activities for him. His daughter, Simran, is engaged to marry Sunny (Abhishek Bachchan), the son of the powerful businessman Kkhurana (Kulbhushan Kharbanda). Kkhurana is superstitious and his activities are controlled by his astrologer, Batuk Maharaj (Saurabh Shukla), whose particular use of numerology led Kkhurana to add an extra "K" to his real name (Khurana) as well as to the conclusion that the 'Second Innings House' would be the most auspicious place for Sunny and Simran to live. Maharaj also convinces Kkhurana to reject the marriage between Simran and Sunny when it is revealed that Simran is considered to be a manglik (an individual whose Vedic astrological makeup is believed by some to be devastating for marriage, mostly leading to the death of the spouse after a certain calculated period of marriage). Lucky appropriates the 'Second Innings House' by sending Munna to Goa (keeping him out of the way) and then blackmailing him to let the matter pass or risk losing his love Janvi. In response, Munna launches a "non-violent" protest to reclaim the house. He calls this protest "Get Well Soon, Lucky" and asks his radio show's audience to send Lucky flowers (red roses especially) to help him recover from the "disease of dishonesty".
During this time Munna tells Janhavi the truth (via a letter he gives to her). Heartbroken, Janhavi leaves Munna. Munna receives another setback when he is tricked by Lucky into revealing his conversations with Gandhi before a public audience. At this conference, Munna finds that only after he has learned something about "Bapu"'s life can the Gandhi image talk about it, which serves as proof for a psychiatrist in the audience that Munna is delusional. Gandhi's monologue at the end of the film, however, questions this conclusion. Munna, despite these defeats, continues to use Gandhigiri, a decision that transforms Lucky, revives Janhavi's affection, and resolves Simran's marriage. Lucky Singh eventually becomes a student of Gandhigiri and is greeted by Gandhi's image not long after he has begun to study "Bapu"'s life. Immediately he calls for a photograph to be taken of them together; this perplexes the photographer, who cannot see the Gandhi image.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Unemployed Vicky (Akshat Bhatia) meets Neha (Namita) on the internet, and when they meet in person, they fall in love and wish to get married. Neha's father, Vishal (Satish Shah), approves of the union, but in order for him to bless the marriage, he requires Vicky to obtain employment within 7 days. As the deadline approaches, Vicky finally meets employer Armaan Kochar (Rishi Kapoor). Armann agrees to hire Vicky, but only upon the condition that he lets Neha and he spend a night together. Desperate, Vicky agrees... but instead of Neha, Vicky has hired a prostitute to impersonate her. Once Vicky is employed, Neha's father adds another condition: Vicky must find a suitable apartment or the marriage will not go forward. Vicky approaches Armann for help, and Armann sets him up in an apartment but insists on another night with "Neha" as compensation. But before Vicky can make the arrangements with the prostitute, Armann see the girl performing at a nightclub and learns that her name is Bijlee (Parmita Katkar) and that she was hired by Vicky and why. Angry, Armann fires Vicky and evicts him. Armann is subsequently kidnapped and held for ransome. Having witnessed the confrontation between the two, Armann's wife Kaajal (Shoma Anand), contacts the police and accuses Vicky of the crime.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film takes place in the impoverished village of Laholi where, following droughts, most of the villagers' possessions are mortgaged to the local Thakurani Karamkali (Sudha Chandran). One of the few entertainments the villagers can afford is the lottery, Malaamal Weekly (malaamal is Hindi for 'rich').
Lilaram (Paresh Rawal) is the only educated man in the village. He has the job of intermediary between the lottery organisation and the village, for which he receives a commission whenever a villager wins; thus, he has a relatively good but volatile income. One day he reads the winning lottery numbers and realises that one of the tickets has won the top prize of one crore (about $220,000, a relative fortune in rural India). He devises a plan to obtain the winning ticket and present it to the commission as his own. He hosts a dinner (mortgaging his wife's beloved pet goat to the Thakur's wife to pay for it) and invites all the villagers who play the lottery, but the man he is looking for does not turn up. By elimination he deduces that the winner is Anthony (Innocent Vincent), the town drunk, and reasons that he didn't turn up because he knew that he had won the top prize. Hoping to at least extract his commission, he goes to Anthony's house, and finds him dead, the winning ticket clutched in his hand and a happy expression on his face.
Lilaram attempts to pry the ticket from Anthony's fingers but is thwarted by Anthony's body in rigor mortis. Lilaram eventually succeeds in freeing it with a knife; at this point Ballu (Om Puri), the local dairy farmer, enters the house and discovers him standing over Anthony's corpse with what appears to be the murder weapon in his hand. Ballu's unfortunate assistant Kanhaiya (Ritesh Deshmukh) has a hard time of following Ballu's orders and makes a lot of mistakes. He has emotional involvemement with Ballu's daughter Sukhmani also joined with them. Lilaram tells Ballu the truth and convinces him to remain silent in exchange for sharing the lottery winnings between them.
Unfortunately for them, before dying Anthony managed to call the lottery commission and give his name and address, as well as his sister and several people to whom he owed money to tell them of his good fortune. The secret soon becomes impossible to keep, and Lilaram must figure out how to fool the lottery inspector (Arbaaz Khan), who is on high way to the village to interview Anthony. To cover up the whole incedent as per plan of Lilaram, Ballu acted as living Antony and inspector became satisfied. After that Ballu, Kanhaiya and Lilaram are introduced to a solitary man named Joseph (Shakti Kapoor) as Kanhaiya also fails to hide Anthony's body but has a secret romance with Sukhmani. All of them successfully buried Antony but unfortunately Bajbahadur aka Bajey (Rajpal Yadav), brother of Thakurani knew their secret plan and Antony's death case. He started threatning to them. Some days later, Chokeylal (Asrani) Kanhaiya's father comes to the village and hears of Kanhaiya's insolence which prompts him to lock his own son in Ballu's barn because Kanhaiya obstructing the plan of getting money from lottery. At night Lilaram, Ballu, Chokey and Joseph manage to catch Baje. But they fail to kidnap Bajey and accidentally kidnap Joseph by mistake. Bajey was kidnapped by another gang of nearby village due to their personal vendetta.
After few days the said Lottery inspector came to the village and gave a demand draft to Ballu. When he is returning, Thakuran and Bajey's gang tried to catch him up to inform the real fact of Antony's lottery ticket and comedy chaos going on till the end of the movie.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Youngster Vicky (Vivek Oberoi) lives with his mother (Navni Parihar). A lawyer shows up to speak with his mother about their father's old bungalow in the Uttarakhand hills. Vicky arrives at the bungalow and discovers a secret cache behind one of the photographs. And in the cache lies a replica of a map, made by his father who was once killed unlocking a mystery of treasure. Eventually some of his father's murderers discover Vicky, and abduct him. In the meantime, Vicky's mother visits the professor's first wife (Suhasini Mulay). The professor's son by this wife, Veer Malhotra (Sunny Deol), is a forest officer in Uttarakhand. Vicky's mother requests Veer's mother to seek Veer's assistance in finding Vicky and bringing him back. While thugs bring Vicky to Bali. As Bali is about to have Vicky executed, Veer drops in and rescues Vicky. Determined to obtain the map at any cost, Bali's men give chase to Vicky and Veer: the chase takes them through the dense jungles of Uttarakhand to the foothills of the Himalayas. They rescue Riya (Sameera Reddy) from a river rafting accident. Bali and his men capture Vicky and Veer, and slaughter the pygmies. Bali reveals that the map describes the location of a powerful device: the armour and ear rings of the mythical warrior Karna (of the Mahabharata). This armour will make the wearer invincible and all powerful. Vicky and Veer escape. Vicky and Veer arrive at the final destination, only to find that Bali has beaten them to it. Endowed with divine strength, the evil Bali easily overpowers Vicky and Veer and prepares to kill them. Vicky and Veer exploit the flaw to defeat Bali and restore the armour. They escape the temple just in time before it comes crashing down, thus sealing it off forever.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Omkara Shukla or Omi (Ajay Devgan) is a bahubali, a sort of political enforcer. He is the leader of a gang which commits political crimes for the local politician Tiwari Bhaisaab (Naseeruddin Shah). Ishwar 'Langda' Tyagi (Saif Ali Khan) and Keshav 'Kesu Firangi' Upadhyay (Vivek Oberoi) are his closest lieutenants.
The movie starts with Langda Tyagi gate-crashing a baraat and challenging Rajju (Deepak Dobriyal), the bridegroom, to try and stop Omkara from abducting the bride, Dolly Mishra (Kareena Kapoor). Rajju fails and the wedding never takes place.
Dolly’s father Advocate Raghunath Mishra (Kamal Tiwari), mostly referred in the movie as vakeel saab (lawyer sir), is furious and confronts Omi. He puts a gun to Omi’s head and demands the return of his daughter. Bhaisaab intervenes and resolves the conflict by mentioning the current political conditions and prevents bloodshed. Still unconvinced, Raghunath grieves to Bhaisaab the next day. To bring an end to this issue, Dolly is made to appear in front of her father and clarify that she eloped with Omi and was not abducted. She also tells the events of how she fell in love with Omkara. The father leaves feeling betrayed and ashamed. The director here references one of the most significant lines of the play Othello, with Dolly's father repeating the couplet almost verbatim, albeit in translation. The original lines read, "Look to her, Moor, if thou hast eyes to see. She has deceived her father and may thee."
After some crafty political arm-twisting, involving an MMS sex scandal, Omkara eliminates a powerful electoral rival. Bhaisaab is elected for parliament and Omkara is promoted from bahubali to the candidate for the upcoming state elections. Omkara appoints Kesu over Langda as his successor once he enters politics himself. Langda, disappointed with Omkara's poor judgment and jealous of Kesu, his younger, less-experienced, superior, hatches a plot to avenge both his offenders. He first causes a violent brawl between Kesu and Rajju by taking advantage of Kesu's low threshold for alcohol. Such irresponsible behaviour by Kesu infuriates Omi, who now starts having doubts over his decision.
On the one hand, playing the role of a concerned friend, Langda convinces Kesu to appeal to Dolly, Omi's lover and newly wedded wife, to mollify Omi. On the other hand, he starts to disrepute Dolly by implicating Kesu's visits to her as an illicit affair between the two. A kamarbandh carelessly dropped by Dolly and stolen by Langda’s wife Indu (Konkona Sen Sharma), which eventually reaches Billo Chamanbahar (Bipasha Basu) as a gift from Kesu, plays an important part in the plot, as evidence of Dolly’s infidelity.
During the climax, on the night of their wedding, Omi is convinced that Dolly and Kesu have been having an affair behind his back. In rage, he smothers his new wife to death. Langda shoots Kesu with a silent approval from Omi. Kesu is hit with a bullet on his arm. Hearing gunshots and in shock, Indu enters the room where Omi is sitting next to Dolly’s corpse in remorse. Indu notices the kamarbandh and confesses to stealing it; they both understand the fatal misunderstanding with Langda as its root cause.
In retribution, Indu slashes Langda's throat and Omi commits suicide. The movie closes with Omi lying dead on the floor and Dolly’s dead body swinging above him, while Kesu looks on.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Hera Pheri ended with the trio of Raju (Akshay Kumar), Shyam (Sunil Shetty), and Baburao Ganapatrao Apte (Paresh Rawal) rich and rolling in money. Phir Hera Pheri tells the story of what happens after they become rich.
The film opens with a prologue bringing the audience up to date, stating that each has suffered a personal loss despite their new riches. Shyam lost his love, Anuradha (Tabu), in an automobile accident, Raju's mother died after battling a disease, and Baburao - having nothing to lose in the first place - lost the little traces of common sense that he did possess.
The three men are living a king's life in a massive bungalow and splurging on various luxuries. Raju hears about an idea for doubling his wealth from a con woman, Anuradha (Bipasha Basu), who is claiming to be a bank manager, and he convinces Shyam and Baburao to go along with it. Raju first arranges for ₹30 lakh from Shyam and Baburao and then a further ₹50 lakh by selling their bungalow. He convinces a small-time goon, Pappu (Rajpal Yadav) to contribute the remaining balance of ₹20 lakh so that he can come up with the minimum deposit of ₹1 crore, which Anuradha has promised to double.
The trio invest the money and three weeks later realise that it was all a scam and that they are now penniless. To make matters worse, they do not even have possession of their bungalow, which Raju had sold off in order to arrange the last bit of money needed, and have to live in a chawl (tenement). Pappu shows up to the bungalow the next day to pick up his portion of the money, but is shocked to learn that Raju has left and the bungalow is now in possession of a gun collector (Dinesh Hingoo). Pappu is now in trouble because he had borrowed money from a lisping but dreaded gangster, Tiwari (Sharat Saxena), who will kill him if he doesn't pay up. He comes across Raju one day, and upon hearing of the scam pretends to be sympathetic. He tricks him and brings the three to his boss, telling him that they are the ones who took the money. Tiwari threatens them and tells them they have to come up with the money or else they will die. As they are being taken home by some of Tiwari's goons, the three manage to escape. Raju, Shyam and Baburao are about to leave the city when Raju remembers that he owes money to a woman named Anjali (Rimi Sen). The three head over to her house and are surprised to find that she is Pappu's sister. Tiwari's goons show up and kidnap Anjali because Pappu has not returned the money. Feeling guilty that he is the one who got Anjali in trouble, Raju decides that he will go to Tiwari and try to get her freed. Shyam and Baburao refuse to leave without them and decide to stay as well. The three go back to Tiwari to ask him to release Anjali, and Tiwari tells them to bring the money, releasing Anjali.
Raju, Shyam and Baburao now have three days to come up with ₹40 lakh to pay back the goon or else they will themselves be killed. Raju overhears the neighbor, Munnabhai (Johnny Lever), plotting to steal drugs from another gangster, Nanji Bhai (Milind Gunaji), and wrongly assumes they are talking about stealing money. Raju hatches a plan for the three of them to steal from Munnabhai. The three manage to barely succeed, but are confused when they do not find money inside. Raju recognizes the stuff as drugs and tells them that they are worth at least ₹3 crore (thirty million). They think that if they can sell them to Kachara Seth (Manoj Joshi) and pay off Tiwari, they can also become rich, but their neighbor once again steals the drugs from them. They then run into Anuradha and she tells them that the entire scam was hatched by Kabeera (the gangster from the first Hera Pheri) to get revenge on the trio, and that the only reason she went along with it was because they were holding her niece hostage (Anuradha's sister was Kabeera's gang member and part of the first movie's kidnapping plot). Their money was converted to diamonds to pay the ransom, but she fled with them once she discovered her niece had escaped and hid them under a decoration of a circus float.
In the end, all the guys end up in a circus show where they attempt to get hold of the diamonds. These are strewn all over the ground in public by a gorilla. Raju escapes with Pappu's cellphone and three antique guns with him, which are worth ₹5–6 crore, though he does not know about it. Thinking of all the trouble they have been in, he angrily tries to throw the guns into the river to get rid of their problems. Fortunately for him, the guns get stuck on a ledge. He tries to go down and throw them into the water. When Baburao and Shyam come to know about the worth of the gun from Pappu, who has been arrested, they call Raju on Pappu's phone. The film ends in a cliffhanger with Raju attempting to get hold of the guns while his phone is ringing. On the other end, Shyam and Baburao anxiously wait for Raju to answer his phone so they can tell him not to throw the guns.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A story of a lovely married couple Vijay Kumar & Laxmi (Jeetendra & Moushmi Chatterjee) who performs musical shows together with his friend Tom Dacosta (Vinod Mehra) and their son Raja (Master Bunty) as their means of living. Dinesh Khanna (Danny Denzongpa), Laxmi was his heart-breaker during her college days, who never quite got over her rejecting him, once to bring down when Vijay Kumar performing a show at London and takes the revenge by coming home and try to rape Laxmi in his absence. But unfortunately, Vijay gets back home due to the late flight along with Tom and while protecting his wife he gets murdered by Dinesh and Tom is crippled. The blame was put on Laxmi and she has been life sentenced. Raja (Govinda) grows up pretty much without both parents; doing various street shows as his earning. Meeting Renu (Shilpa Shirodkar) leads to mutual love. Meanwhile, Laxmi is realized from jail. Remaining story is finding out his journey of meeting his love, career peak and Dinesh, the villain with whom he takes revenge.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sid (Rahul Bose) plays a short, thirtyish DJ, who finds himself playing music at Trisha's (Mallika Sherawat's) marriage to Vivek (Jas Arora) in Delhi. However, he witnesses her fight her sense of responsibility and duty towards her parents and the groom, and runs away.
Six months later, he meets her again at a DJ competition in Mumbai, which he has just lost, yet again. Before you know it, they're in a relationship, and three years have passed. Trisha thinks she is ready for marriage, and gets down on her knee to propose to Sid. Sid suffering from the typical commitment phobia, is at a loss for a reasonable answer. In a bid to not lose her, Sid finds himself engaged.
But along with the engagement comes a new set of problems - such as shopping for furniture for their home, engagement rings, and more importantly facing the father of the bride! The father has more than one problem with Sid. He doesn't have a future, he earns a lot less than Trisha, and he doesn't seem responsible enough. Over an altercation Sid has with Trisha's father, the couple break up. Vivek is waiting in the wings, to help mend her broken heart. Sid on the other hand, finds himself being wooed by item girl, Tanya (Sophie Choudhary), star of the 'Baby Girl vol. 3' video.
After a few amusing run-ins, an attempt to be just-friends, and a sad-song ("Jaane Kya" sung by Zubin), Sid, finally realizes, thanks to his mother, that his commitment phobia is the result of a childhood scar. His father abandoned Sid and his mother, when Sid was very young. His mother reassures him, that he is nothing like his father, and would make a great husband. But it's too late, Trisha has already agreed to marry Vivek. This leads him to Trisha's dear friend Anjali (Suchitra Pillai), who reminds him of Dracula because she always attacks him, for making Trisha unhappy. She helps him crash Trisha's wedding party.
The climax builds up, as Sid's job involves not just convincing Trisha that his hang-ups have abated, but also avoid a deadly confrontation with Trisha's father.
-----------------------------------------------------------
A young, struggling British filmmaker Sue McKinley (Alice Patten) comes across the diary of her grandfather, Mr. McKinley (Steven Mackintosh), who served as a jailer in the Imperial Police during the Indian independence movement. Through the diary, she learns about the story of five freedom fighters who were active in the movement: Chandrasekhar Azad, Bhagat Singh, Shivaram Rajguru, Ashfaqulla Khan, and Ram Prasad Bismil. McKinley, in his diary, states that he had met two type of people in his life, those who died without uttering a sound and those who died with lots of anguish, crying over their deaths. McKinley reveals that it was then that he met with the third kind — those who die with a smile on their face.
Having decided to make a self-financed documentary film about these revolutionaries, Sue travels to India, with the help of her friend, Sonia (Soha Ali Khan), from the Institute for International Studies at the University of Delhi. After a few unsuccessful auditions in search of the actors, Sue finally casts Sonia's friends, four young men – Daljit "DJ" Singh (Aamir Khan), Karan Singhania (Siddharth Narayan), Aslam Khan (Kunal Kapoor) and Sukhi Ram (Sharman Joshi) — to portray the revolutionaries.
Though they aren't very enthusiastic at the idea of acting in a film about the independence movement, Sue eventually manages to convince them. Laxman Pandey (Atul Kulkarni), a right-wing political party activist, joins the cast later, despite initially being unpopular due to his anti-Western ideology, due to which he is often at odds with the other four, and anti-Muslim beliefs and contempt for Aslam Khan. In the process of filming, the idealism of India's revolutionary heroes seeps into the protagonists. They gradually begin to realize that their own lives are quite similar to the characters they portray in Sue's film and that the state of affairs that once plagued the revolutionaries continues to torment their generation.
Meanwhile, Ajay Singh Rathod (R. Madhavan), a flight lieutenant in the Indian Air Force who is Sonia's fiancé, is killed when his jet, a MiG-21, crashes. The government proclaims that the crash was caused by pilot error and closes the investigation. Knowing that Rathod was an ace pilot, Sonia and her friends do not accept the official explanation. Instead, they claim that he sacrificed his life to save hundreds of other lives that would have been lost had he ejected from the aircraft and left it to crash into a populous city. They investigate and learn that the crash was due to a corrupt defence minister Shastri (Mohan Agashe), who had signed a contract exchanging cheap and illegal MiG-21 aircraft spare parts for a personal favour. To their surprise, they learn that the key person who was responsible for organizing the deal was Karan's father, Rajnath Singhania (Anupam Kher).
Angered by the situation, the group and their supporters decide to protest peacefully at India Gate, a war memorial in New Delhi. Police forcefully break up their protest using batons; in the process, Rathod's mother (Waheeda Rehman) is severely injured and slips into a coma. DJ, Karan, Aslam, Sukhi, and Laxman decide that they must emulate the early freedom fighters and resort to violence to achieve justice. As a result, they kill the defence minister to avenge Rathod's death, while Karan murders his father for his corrupt actions. The minister is reported to have been killed by terrorists and is hailed as a martyr by the media. To bring forth their intentions behind the killings, the five of them attempt to reach the public through a radio station. They forcibly take over the All India Radio station premises after having evacuated its employees. Karan goes on air and reveals the truth about the defence minister and his wrongdoings. While still on the air, the police proclaim that they are dangerous terrorists who have forcefully taken over the AIR, and therefore they are to be shot on sight. The first to be shot is Daljit, who tries to get out of cover and establish that they are not terrorists. Sukhi, unable to control his anger, shows himself and is instantly shot. As they are trying to lock the terrace doors, Aslam and Pandey are then killed by a grenade and the once archenemies die holding hands and smiling, as they have visions of Ram Prasad Bismil and Ashfaqullah Khan.
Daljit manages to crawl to the recording room, where Karan is still on air. When Karan understands that he has been shot, they speak amongst themselves for the last time, regarding the others, about Sue and about Daljit's love for her. They are then killed by police commandos while laughing. It is then revealed that McKinley described the third kind of people he came across as being the ones who embraced death as a friend and an equal, with a heartfelt laughter. After their death, the public reacts with outrage and expresses urge to bring Indian politics to justice, following the motives of all the boys.
The film comes to an end with Sue describing the impact of the boys on her life. As she and Sonia watch from the rooftop that Ajay proposed to her on, they have a vision of the boys running in the fields, singing happily and victoriously throwing their shirts in the air, acting as if they are celebrating life itself, as if the ebb of their once-there vitality still reverberates in the places where they once used to go, and a wave of melancholy comes over the two surviving women.
In an afterlife-like state, the boys watch as a father tells his son (a young Bhagat Singh) about gardening. They watch over him with smiling faces, then depart as friends for eternity.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Rocky (Zayed Khan) is a man who lives in Mumbai with his parents. Rocky's weakness is that he is very shot-tempered, unruly and ruffian. He very often gets into fights for injustice. One day he gets into a fight with a man who works for a criminal named Anthony (Rajat Bedi) and beats him up. Anthony warns him not to cross paths with him. One day while rocky is with his girlfriend Neha (Isha Sharvani), he sends Anthony's brother to the hospital. When Anthony finds out, he confronts Rocky and Neha and kills Neha. He mocks at Rocky. An angered Rocky loses control of himself, making his family turn him away. Anthony threatens Rocky's family to leave Mumbai. The family along with Rocky eventually moves to London. There Rocky try to forget his past life. His father lied to him that Anthony has been sentenced to death by the court. Three months later, Rocky's friend, Vikram Singh, visits to inform them of the progress of the criminal prosecution of Anthony. There Priya (Minnisha Lamba), a tour guide and Rocky's friend, is harassed by some people. When she shouted to Rocky for help, he unlike before, took a conservative path and walks away with her without even reporting in police and she complaints Rocky to be a coward, Vikram tells Priya the truth about Rocky. The way he was living, why he's always quiet. Thereby Vikram tells him that Anthony has escaped the trial by killing both the eyewitnesses. On hearing this Rocky felt shattered and wants to get revenge. Later on Rocky travels back to India, along with his parents. Anthony comes to know that Rocky has returned to Mumbai. He then pays a visit to his home where he encounter Rocky's Dad. His Dad tells him to meet Rocky at the same spot where he had killed Neha several months ago. A fight ensues between Rocky and Anthony. At the end, though severely injured, Rocky is about to kill Anthony but Neha's soul stops him from doing so.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Saawan... The Love Season tells the story of a couple, Raj (Kapil Jhaveri) and Kajal (Saloni Aswani). They get married, and when they come back from their Honeymoon in Patiala, Kajal finds a man who predicts the future (Salman Khan). Whether it's the death of a person at 9 p.m. or a major accident on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, the man knows it all. He's a modern-day Nostradamus. When Kajal asks him about her future, he tells her she'd die two days later. Obviously, Kajal is shattered, she tells Raj who swears if anything happens to her, he would kill the Nostradamus. On the fateful day, Kajal is mistakenly shot by the cops outside a shopping mall and dies. Raj blames the Nostradamus for it, breaks into his house, bashes him black and blue and Nostradamus dies. When Nostradamus dies, Kajal, who is already pronounced dead, wakes up. She's alive now. She falls in love with Raj all over again, and with the help of Raj's friend Funsukh (Johny Lever) and his admirer, they get the couple re-married and they live happily ever after.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Based on a true story from the case files of a real-life Wiccan, Ipsita Roy Chakraverti, Sacred Evil is the story of three women separated by a twenty-year-old secret: a nun, a Wiccan and a girl in search of her mother.
The nun is Martha, a 45-year-old withering woman who lives in a secluded convent in Calcutta. Even in the sanctuary of the Church, she is haunted by a specter that threatens her sanity. The Wiccan, Ipsita, is called upon by the unconventional Mother Superior to heal Martha's soul.
The task is difficult as Martha is reticent in talking about the events in her past. Using her skills as a healer and her training as a Jungian psychotherapist, Ipsita gradually opens the door to Martha's story of the one who haunts her.
An Anglo-Indian girl called Claudia grows up with the angst of not knowing her mother Maureen, alienated in her Indian surroundings by her blue eyes and blonde hair.
The story now goes back and forth as events from Claudia's life begin to intersect Martha's and Ipsita tries to sort out the tangled threads of the past and present. In her search for the lost Maureen, whom everyone says looked much like her, Claudia becomes obsessed with her mother's image. She begins to turn into her mother. Like her, she seeks out and falls in love with a foreigner, Pierre, a young Frenchman who is in Calcutta for a doctorate. But Pierre is never sure who is in love with him, Claudia or Maureen.
As she tries to heal Martha with centuries-old Egyptian rituals of the Wicca, Ipsita learns of Claudia's struggle to keep her sanity and Martha's attempts to save her soul — how she tried hard to bring her to the Church and let God heal her. Ipsita also learns that somewhere the attempts failed. Something happened. Claudia's burden became Martha's. With her own efforts failing to heal Martha's spirit, Ipsita is led to a startling discovery in the end which makes her wonder if the sacred will ever be as strong in us as the evil is.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film starts with Ali fetching his little sister Zahra's pink shoes after a cobbler has repaired them. He leaves them unattended to buy some potatoes. While he is pre-occupied, a homeless man picks up the shoes, hidden in a bag, thinking it was garbage and takes them away. Frantic to find them, the young boy thinking the shoes fell behind the crates knocks over plates of vegetables and is chased away by the grocer.
Ali's family lives in a poor South Tehran neighbourhood, and are having financial trouble, so he fears to tell his parents about the mishap. The landlord argues with Ali's mother because she is five months behind on the rent, and the grocer has not been paid in a while either. Ali tells Zahra about the shoes and begs her not to tell their mother; she agrees. That night, Ali's father scolds him for not helping his ill mother when she asked. While the siblings were doing their homework, they passed notes to each other discussing what to do. They devise a scheme to share Ali's Converse sneakers: Zahra will wear them to school in the morning and return them to Ali at midday so he can attend afternoon classes. Ali does well on a test and his teacher awards him a gold-colored pen with the others in his class that got good grades; he gives it to Zahra to partially make up for losing her shoes. However, the uncomfortable arrangement between him and his sister leads to Ali being late three times in a row, no matter how hard he runs; the first time the principal ignores him, the second time he gives him a warning, the third time he tells Ali to leave and return with his father who is at work trying to make money. Ali's teacher noticing Ali's tears persuades the principal that Ali is at the top of his class and to give the boy one more chance and let him back into class.
One day, Zahra notices her missing pink shoes on another student, Roya's, feet. After class, Zahra secretly follows Roya home. She later brings Ali with her for a confrontation, but from hiding, they discover that Roya's father, the garbageman, is blind, so they decide to leave. When Roya does well in her studies, her father buys her new blue shoes and throws away Zahra's. Zahra is dismayed when she finds out from her new friend.
Ali's father, anxious to earn more money, borrows some gardening equipment and heads off with Ali to the rich suburbs of North Tehran to find some gardening work. They try many places without success, though Ali proves to be a great help to his tongue-tied father. Finally, they come upon a mansion in which a six-year-old boy named Alireza lives under the care of his grandfather. While Ali plays with Alireza, his father works. When he is finished, Ali's father is surprised and elated by how generous the grandfather is. On the way home, Ali mentions in passing that Zahra could use a new pair of shoes; his father says that new shoes for his children is a good idea, however, their elation is short lived as their bicycle's brakes fail and the father is injured in the resulting crash.
Finally, Ali learns of a high-profile children's 4 kilometer footrace involving many schools; the third prize is one week at a vacation camp and a pair of sneakers. Ali sees this as his chance to earn a new pair of shoes for Zahra. To his bitter disappointment, in a hard-fought dash to the finish, he accidentally places first instead. Ali returns home where Zahra is waiting for him. However, before he can reveal to his sister his disappointment in his placement in the race, she is called away by their mother. In a separate scene, there is a quick shot of the children's father's bicycle as he's riding home, showing a pair of white and a pair of pink shoes among his purchases. In the final shot, Ali is dejected as his sneakers are torn from the race—he is then shown dipping his bare blistered feet in a pool.
Some versions include an epilogue revealing that Ali eventually achieves success in a racing career.
-----------------------------------------------------------
It was love at first sight for unemployed Ashish Khanna and Rani Bhalla at a cold drink stall. When Rani introduces Ashish to her businessman dad, Tau, and mom, they unanimously frown upon this alliance, until Ashish promises to get a job, save enough money, buy a flat, etc.. Ashish does get a small job with Izzat Papads, he then also begins to sell steroids out of the back of a van. He gets noticed by an Ad-firm owner, and gets hired. Soon he has all the luxuries that he had always dreamed of. When the Bhallas come to know about this, they decide to welcome him as their son-law, and a lavish engagement party takes place. It is then Ashish finds out that he has cancer, and he begins to create misunderstandings between him and Rani. He tries becoming an alcoholic, but that is considered normal with the Bhalla family; he confesses to Rani that he has loved Sania, a model with ad-agency, which is welcomed by Rani as being truthful and honest. But when Rani notices that he has put up Sania's photos all over his apartment, it is then that she breaks off the engagement. Ashish knows that Sania will not marry him, as she is a flirt. But when he is assigned to go to Malaysia with Sania, that is where he finds out that Sania is not quite a flirt, but wants to marry him. She even introduces him to her brother, Anna, who instantly approves of the match. Now Anna inducts Ashish into the family business - which is extortion, and a stunned Ashish is trained to be use guns and defend himself. When the time comes for marriage, Ashish confesses that he has cancer. An angered Anna summons Dr. Rustom, who in turn gives a clean health chit, and confirms that Ashish had overhead a conversation about another patient and had misunderstood. A hapless Ashish, fresh out of lies, must now resign himself to getting married to Sania - or else be hunted down and killed by Anna and his gang.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story is about Gaurav Gupta (Ajay Devgn), a successful businessman, who started with nothing and believes that only money can fuel his ambitions. When he interests himself on building a tower in an abandoned village, he makes his mind up and agrees to build it at any cost. However, the owner of the land, Shrikant Vardhan (Javed Sheikh) does not accept the tower to be built. Therefore, Gaurav tricks Shrikant's son Jaidev (Shahid Kapoor), who is infected by the get-rich-quick virus, to join his scheme.
Jaidev, while respecting his father's philosophy, falls hook line and sinker for Gaurav's gilt-edged dreams. Gaurav uses his girlfriend Natasha (Bipasha Basu) to charm Jaidev by pretending to be in love with him so that he supports them instead of his own father. Meanwhile, Shrikant hopes that his son will return to his roots. Gaurav and Natasha even trick him by pretending to be a construction/ad agency partnered with actor John Abraham.
Jaidev falls for the plan with Gaurav blackmailing him along the way. However, according to Shrikant's philosophy, truth always beats lies and deceit. Who will win this war of greed vs. nature?
-----------------------------------------------------------
The film begins with the brutal murder of a Mumbai man named John by a group of gangsters led by ruthless kingpin Bappu Ganesh (Upendra Limaye). As time goes on, Bappu becomes more and more powerful, until he manages to seize power from the government of Maharashtra and make himself chief minister of the state to seize all of Maharashtra's money. Shiva Swarassi (Mohit Alawat) is a poor slum-dweller who, after watching his parents being brutally murdered by Bappu's men, decides that it's time to get rid of Bappu. He gets the people of Dharavi Slum in Mumbai together and forms a rebellion against him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Taxi No. 9 2 11 focuses on Raghav Shastri (Nana Patekar), a cab driver in Mumbai who lies to his wife about his job, pretending to be an insurance salesman. One day, he gives Jai Mittal (John Abraham), the spoilt son of a late businessman, a lift. Jai is fighting for ownership rights of his late father's estate. The cab gets into an accident with Jai escaping as he's in hurry. Jai loses the key to the vault containing his father's will in the back of Raghav's taxi.
Raghav decides to hide it from Jai, who, in search for his lost item, goes to Raghav's house and tells his wife what he really does for a living. She leaves him, taking their son. Raghav decides to take revenge. Raghav and Jai vow to kill each other in their fight for their properties. When Raghav fails to kill Jai he targets Jai's girlfriend, Rupali (Sameera Reddy). As Raghav chases Rupali she is saved by Jai by hair's breadth. Jai lets Rupali escape and he attacks Raghav. They have a dirty car fight but both survive.
Raghav goes to Jai's place. Jai returns to his apartment from a second court hearing regarding his father's estate in defeat, because he doesn't have his father's will. He discovers the will, torn to pieces and pasted on the wall of his apartment. Jai becomes depressed and lonely after his friends leave him. Rupali dumps him, too. Losing everything that used to be precious, Jai realises the hard-hitting life and starts respecting his father and his work.
On the other side Raghav is caught again by police and taken to police station where his wife tells him his real character and problem within himself. Soon, he realises his mistake. Jai, having realised the value of close ones, then bails Raghav out of jail. Raghav insists they have a drink and they go to Jai's house for one. They find out that they share the same birthday. Raghav gives back his will, which he had hidden in the sofa, and says that he had never destroyed it — the torn will on the wall is a fake. Raghav then goes to the railway station to stop his wife and son from leaving him, but arrives a little too late. He goes back home where he sees a birthday cake on the table. He feels that he is hallucinating, but gets a pleasant shock when he sees his wife and son standing there, singing him a birthday song (and finds out that it was Jai who brought them back).
Jai confronts Arjun Bajaj (Shivaji Satam), the friend and custodian of the property of Jai's father, whom he tells that he has realised the value of life. The film ends with Jai rejecting the will and taking back the case, while Arjun Bajaj returns everything and tells him that Jai's father would have been very happy had he lived to that day. They share an emotional hug and Jai leaves shortly after meeting with another car accident this time with a pretty young woman (Priyanka Chopra) with whom he is seemingly interested in and exchanges numbers with before the film ends.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sudama Pandey (Mukesh Rishi) is a notorious criminal who runs a global operation of capturing women on camera. He operates out of London and is assisted by his two partners in crime (Mukesh Tiwari and Murli Sharma).
Be it a honeymoon bedroom, changing rooms, girls hostels, none of these places miss the third eye; the eye of a camera. First they capture girls on film and blackmail them, then abuse them, both physically and mentally.
One such girl who gets trapped by them is Sapna (Neha Dhupia), an air hostess. She is a lovely girl who has dreams of making it big in her career. She found the love of her life through her fiancé, Arjun Singh. Sudama installs hidden cameras in her changing room and blackmails her into doing blue films in exchange for the hidden camera footage he took of her. Sudama does nasty things with her, but gives her the film afterward. She is murdered by Sudama's gang not long after.
As luck would have it, the murder is witnessed by Ammu (Amisha Patel) who tries to rescue Sapna but her efforts are in vain. Ammu is traumatized by the events, but soon finds herself in danger as Sudama begins plotting to kill her.
Meanwhile, Sapna's sister Aarti (Aarti Chabaria) and her partner Rahul (Aashish Chaudhary) are searching for Sapna after her disappearance. Arjun (Sunny Deol), who turns out to be an A.C.P. in Mumbai, is also seeking his fiancé's whereabouts, investigating Sudama as he was the last person seen with her. His investigation leads him to London, where the only clue that could give him any answers turns out to be the sole witness – Ammu.
Unfortunately Ammu herself gone missing. He makes all possible attempts to find her but reaches a dead end. Without Ammu he has nowhere else to turn. The race is on to find her and solve the case. But it won't be easy, because Arjun just doesn't have to fight criminals – he also has to fight technology.
-----------------------------------------------------------
The story follows one serial killer who uses the help of innocent taxi drivers to murder his targets. When The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), India, has been made aware of a killer cab-driver in Malaysia who killed several people in a matter of hours and then crashed his taxi and killed himself. The same thing happened again, this time in Hong Kong, several people were killed by another cab-driver, who also ended up being killed. Now, this time in Dubai, it is the turn of taxi driver Nikhil Joshi (Emraan Hashmi). Nikhil is an Indian living in Dubai for a good life and is madly in love with a cabaret dancer named Rhea (Nisha Kothari). He is willing to do anything for Rhea and so is she. However, life has other plans for him when one night, a suave businessman named Vikram (Irrfan Khan) hails his cab.
Nikhil discovers that this pleasant passenger has an agenda of his own and a rather sinister one at that. Vikram holds Nikhil hostage in a bizarre plot to bump off various people who would testify against the dreaded don Jabbar (Zakir Hussain), who is at risk of being deported to India to face charges against him. As Nikhil helplessly becomes witness to one killing after another, he finds his life and dreams crumbling around him. He repeatedly pleads Vikram to spare him and hire another taxi but fails. Faced with the prospect of losing everything he has been working towards, he finally takes control of the steering wheel of his life. He stops dreaming and starts acting, as he begins to pit his wits against the dangerous assassin.
Killing one after another, Nikhil seems to be the prime suspect, that's why Vikram plans to kill him in his taxi and flee, however Nikhil fights back and dares Vikram by risking his life. After a series of murders of witnesses against Jabbar in the same night, the CBI officer and local Police Officer (Sanjay Batra) are closely on trail of Nikhil, who they assume to be the The Killer. Nikhil destroys the laptop of Vikram which contained the information of the witnesses in his hit-list. Vikram forces Nikhil to pose as Vikram and seek the particulars of the remaining two witnesses in the hit-list from Jabbar by meeting him personally in his mansion. Nikhil does so and procures the same and hands it over to Vikram, who had been waiting for him outside in the taxi. Nikhil decides to risk his life to save the witnesses and races his taxi to the horror of Vikram. The taxi hits a kiosk and crashes. Vikram runs off for his next prey followed by Nikhil in chase. He fails to save the witness, who is shot by Vikram. Nikhil sees his girl-friend Rhea's name and photo in the mobile which fell off the fleeing Vikram. Determining to save Rhea from Vikram at any cost, Nikhil tries to contact her to warn her and flee, but her mobile gets discharged. He runs to warn her in the casino where she is dancing. The police and Vikram reach the place and just as Vikram shoots at Rhea, Nikhil leaps and pushes her away. In the melee following the gun-shots, when the police confront Nikhil as the suspect Killer, he informs them that it is Vikram who is the actual Killer. He manages to escape from the place with Vikram in chase after them. Finally, when Vikram confronts them and tries to shoot Rhea, Nikhil dares him to shoot him. The police shoot Vikram just as he is about to press the trigger of his gun. Thus Nikhil saves Rhea and are happily united.
-----------------------------------------------------------
This is a comedy about three physically impaired men: Tom (deaf), Deepak/Dick (blind) and Harry (mute). They live together as paying guests, and their life takes an endearing turn when a beautiful girl Celina comes to live in the bungalow opposite their house. They start making their moves to cast an impression on her, who is least interested in acknowledging their presence. In Tom’s life there’s Bijlee, a fisherwoman, who is completely besotted by him and does not leave any stone unturned to express her desire. On the other hand, there is Suprano (Gulshan Grover) a bad man who is out to prove that he is the worst villain ever and has with him some of Bollywood's most dreaded criminals, Shakaal from film Shaan, Gabbar Singh from Sholay and Mogambo from Mr. India, making an indestructible Suprano. Tom, Dick and Harry unknowingly become the target of Suprano, by being the biggest barriers in his business deals.
-----------------------------------------------------------
In 1840, a girl named Amiran (Bansree Mandhani) is kidnapped from her home in Faizabad by Dilawar Khan (Vishwajeet Pradhan) who had been sent to jail based upon the evidence presented by Amiran's father. To take his revenge, he kidnaps Amiran and sells her to a brothel in Lucknow run by Khannum Jaan (Shabana Azmi). Bua Hussaini (Himani Shivpuri) and Maulvi Sahib (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) adopt Amiran and treat her as their own daughter. In the company of Khurshid (Ayesha Jhulka), Bismillah (Divya Dutta), and one of the courtesan's sons, Gauhar Mirza (Puru Raajkumar), Amiran learns the art of being a courtesan, or tawaif.
The girl turns into an elegant, poetic beauty by the name of Umrao Jaan (Aishwarya Rai). Umrao's beauty and poetry is enough to catch the eye of Nawab Sultan (Abhishek Bachchan). The two begin a passionate romance but, when his father hears of their relationship, he disowns Nawab Sultan from his life, wealth and property. The penniless Nawab goes to stay in the house of his uncle, who is a judge in Ghari, to sort himself out; Umrao is left desolate without him and prays every day for his return.
In the Nawab's absence, Umrao catches the eye of Faiz Ali (Sunil Shetty). Though she rejects his romantic advances, he determinedly pursues her and eventually asks her to accompany him to his home in Daulatabad. Umrao accepts, but only after she learns that they will be travelling through Ghari. Along the way, the whole party is arrested after a confrontation between Faiz Ali's men and a group of state soldiers. Faiz Ali is revealed to be a dacoit whom the soldiers have pursued for years. Nawab Sultan hears that Umrao and Faiz Ali are in Ghari and goes to meet Faiz Ali in prison. Faiz Ali, who then realises that Umrao only accompanied him so that she could meet Nawab, manipulates the information concerning his time with Umrao and implies to the Nawab that they had a sexual relationship. The Nawab confronts Umrao and, feeling that she betrayed him, shuns her and sends her back to Lucknow. Heartbroken, Umrao returns to her old life, but fate has other plans for her.
In a drunken state, her childhood friend Gauhar Mirza (Puru Raajkumar), who has always been in love with her, becomes frustrated at her for rejecting his advances and rapes her. Soon after, the British attack the city and she is forced to leave Lucknow. She and the refugees separate after she decides to go to Faizabad, her childhood home. There, she learns that her father is long dead. She meets her mother and brother, but they refuse to accept her because of her profession. Umrao, rejected by her family and her lover, leaves to return to Lucknow. Then, fate plays another joke on her: On her way out of the city, she encounters Dilawar Khan, the man who kidnapped her and sold her to the brothel when she was a child. Poor, wretched, homeless and injured, the man begs her for money, not recognising who she is; she gives him her gold bangles and prays to God for his forgiveness. Ostracized by all and having forgiven those who destroyed her life, Umrao lives out the rest of her days in Lucknow with her poetry and ill fate.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Poonam (Amrita Rao) is a middle class girl who lives in the small town of Madhupur. After the death of her parents, when she was very young, her uncle Krishnakant (Alok Nath) fulfilled the void of a father in her life. However, her aunt (Seema Biswas) is unable to accept Poonam as her own child, driven by the fact that her own daughter Rajni (Amrita Prakash) is dark in complexion and less beautiful than Poonam. Harishchandra (Anupam Kher), a renowned businessman, from New Delhi has two sons, Sunil (Samir Soni) who has married Bhavna (Lata Sabharwal) and Prem (Shahid Kapoor), who is a soft-spoken and well-educated person.
Poonam's simple and affectionate demeanor impresses Bhagatji (Manoj Joshi (actor)), a close friend of Krishnakant and a jeweller by profession. Bhagatji takes Poonam's marriage proposal for Prem. When Harishchandra takes his opinion on the proposition, Prem is initially hesitant and feels he is too young for marriage and needs to focus on his career first. Harishchandra convinces Prem to meet Poonam before deciding about anything. Respecting father's wishes, Prem agrees to meet Poonam, get to know better and then take a decision. They visit Krishnakant's family and let Prem and Poonam get acquainted with each other. Though their first conversation is awkward, Prem and Poonam agree to get married, as they are instantly attracted to each other. Prem and Poonam gets engaged and set to be married in six months. Krishnakant invites Prem's family to their summer residence in Som Sarovar, so Prem and Poonam get the opportunity to know each other better.
Prem and Poonam go through the most magical and romantic period of their lives. Coming from different sensibilities, both want their relationship to be very right for each other. Both realize the importance of the engagement rings that they have given to each other and the special right that they have got on each other in return. They begin to fall in love and become attached to each other, thanks to the gentle prodding of their respective siblings. After several days, Harishchandra and his family return home to attend their business, which leaves Poonam and Prem the choice to communicate via telephone and letter. Prem joins the family business and takes on a heavy presentation in Japan. Upon returning, the family brings Poonam as a surprise and they celebrate their engagement.
However, two days before the actual wedding, a fire breaks out at Krishnakant's house. Although Poonam runs out of the house in time, she realizes that Rajni is still inside and goes to save her. Poonam gets heavily burnt in the process. The doctor informs her father that in such cases, even families disown their own. He broken heartedly calls Prem right as he is leaving for Madhupur.Right as he is about to sign the waiver allowing her surgery, he begins to cry and cannot do so. Looking up, he sees Prem has arrived, determined to marry Poonam despite her injuries and bringing with him the finest doctors from Delhi. He marries her informally before their surgery. With the aid of the Delhi doctors, the hospital successfully perform surgery on Poonam. After a one and half month prolonged stay at the hospital, Poonam and Prem are traditionally married and go home to their new life.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Mughal Ruler Aurangzeb bans music in India, since he believes that music turns a person away from God. This ban continues in the next generations. Music lovers and singers start living in secret places away from cities. Baba Makhdum (Mukesh Rishi) is staying near Kasur with some of his followers and practices music; Waris Shah (Gurdas Maan) comes and joins him. Baba Makhdum tells Waris that he appreciates his talent, but asks Waris to feel the pain in order to get best out of him.
On Baba Ji’s suggestion Waris moves to the village of Malkan Hans, where music is not banned. The Mughal Ruler finds out about Baba Makhdum and kills him. Waris Shah meets Bhaagpari (Juhi Chawla) in Malkan Hans. The two fall in love. Saabo (Divya Dutta), too, gets attracted to Waris Shah, and is willing to do anything to get Waris. Waris starts living in the masjid of the village and starts working on the poem Heer. Village youngsters get attracted to his work and become his fans. Qazi (Gurkirtan) of the village becomes furious after seeing Waris's popularity. Waris is arrested by the area Subedar after complaints from Qazi. Waris convinces the Subedar that by singing he is worshiping God. Bhaagpari is forced to marry Saabo's brother (Sushant Singh) as they were betrothed at a young age. Waris Shah realizes that in order to feel pain and complete Heer, he must let Bhaagpari go. On the other hand, Saabo tries her best but fails to get Waris. Finally she accepts her fate and lets Waris go. Waris and Bhaagpari are accused of having a sexual relationship without marriage. They prove their innocence by walking unharmed on burning coals. In the end Waris leaves the village upon the completion of Heer.
-----------------------------------------------------------
